






































"i use texting as a replacement for meaningful conversation"
-Anonymous









(c) 2012, All Rights Reserved First edition Magnetic Messaging by Bobby Rio (TSB Magazine) and Rob Judge (Date Hotter Girls, LLC) (c) 2012, All Right Reserved

This book is copyright 2012 with all rights reserved. It is illegal to copy, distribute, or create derivative works from this book in whole or in part or to contribute to the copy- ing, distribution, or creating of derivative works of this book. When you purchased this book, you agreed to the following statement:
"(c)2012, All Rights Reserved. You understand that the information contained in this book is an opinion, and it should be used for personal entertainment purposes only. You are responsible for your own behavior, and none of this book is to be considered legal or personal advice."

Table of Contents
Part 1: Introduction...The Principles of Phone Game
Welcome to Phone Game	7
A Quick Word on the Terms & Phrases in this Book	10
Just like Pizza: The Three Ingredients of Attractive Phone Use	13
Sparking Emotions: The Dough of Phone Use	15
Making Connections: Adding Some Sauce	17
Handling Logistics: The Cheese on Top	19
The Three Ingredients: Further Defined	22
Sparking	an	Emotion:	Stand	Out	with	Language	22
Making	Connections:	Be	Specific	25
Handling	Logistics:	Ask-and	Ask	Well	27
When and How Much: Phases of a Textship.	28
Part 2: First Phase...You Want to Date Her
Got	Her	Number...Now	What?	29
First Text: Stick to the Formula	31
When	to	Text-and	What	to	Expect.	35
First Text Blues: Troubleshooting the First Text	38
"Who	is	this?"	How	to	Respond.	38
"What Do You Look Like?" How to Proceed	42
Meeting Up With Her: The Key-lock Sequence	45
Avoid Becoming Her New "Texting Buddy".	45
TheKey-LockSequence-Key-Turn-Push	48
If She's Difficult: Getting Out Flaky and Unresponsive Girls	59
What if She Doesn't Respond	59
Low Interest: How to Get Her Excited for a Date	62
Some Interest: Getting More of a Connection	72
Overcoming Time: How to Revivean Old Number	76

Girls You're Unable to Meet: The Holding Pattern	79
The Bad Behavior Files: When Good Girls Go Bad	82
Shred-Her Negative Response	83
Pop	Culture	Sniper	Shot	and	Scattershot	85
Overcoming Excuses: Changing Her Mind	94
When  to  Call:  The  Final  Resort	98
Part 3: Second Phase...You are Sort of Dating Her
First Date and Beyond	102
Arriving	to	the	Date:	Set	Yourself	Up	for	Success	105
Getting the Second Date: Keeping Her Interested and Invested 108
The	Days	After:	How	to	Keep	It	Sizzling	108
Setting Up the Second Date	112
Texting a Girl You Just Slept With	116
Bantering with Her: The Art of Bullshitting	119
How to Compliment in an Attractive Way	119
HowtoCreateAnticipation	124
HowtobeFunny	127
Calling to Connect: Using the Phone to have a Conversation	131
Part 4: Third Phase...You're Dating Her
Creating a Relationship	133
Calling Because You Care	135
Keeping It Fun: Maintain the Spark of Your Relationship	137
Use	Typos	as	Comedy	Cues	138
Havea"Style"	143
Avoiding	Patterns	145
Keeping It Sexual: How to Heat Things Up Over the Phone	150
How to Begin Sexting	150
Bringing Up Threesomes	154

GettingHertoSendNakedPictures	158
KeepingItReal:HowtoBringYourRelationshiptoLife	161
GenuineCompliments	161
Finally,Don'tForgettoKeepHandlingLogistics!	165
Part 5: Appendix...Common Questions & Mistakes
"ButWhatAbout..."	167
Phone Bloopers: Avoiding Common Mistakes of Phone Game	178
Part 6: Final Thoughts...Afterword from Rob
DialingEmotion	185





Phone
 bly never thought about it, but the cell revolutionized dating. Our cell phones cket dating secretaries. They organize
s, take messages, and screen our calls.
rtantly, they add another stage to the
game.

Before cell phones, talking on the phone was straightforward. You called. You spoke. You made plans.

Today, things aren't so simple-and that can be a good thing. Phone game-when applied correctly-gives you another chance. It rights some wrongs. It can even become an "extra




life."

Conversely, weak phone game can cause a woman to second- guess herself, change her mind, and even "flake"-which means abruptly canceling on you and sometimes even ignor- ing you altogether.

Like it or not, phone game has made dating a three-part pro- cess:


1. Initial meeting
2. Phone game
3. The date

While the initial meeting sets much of her expectations for this "three act play," improving your phone game can dramat- ically increase how many girls meet you for a date. Moreover, phone game will improve the quality of those dates by excit- ing a woman beforehand. Undoubtedly learning to use your phone in an attractive way will boost your dating success.

Proper phone game is more than just pressing buttons or mak- ing phone calls. Solid phone game comes from an understand- ing of attractive communication. In fact, practicing phone game is one of the fastest ways to improve the way you communi- cate with women.

That's because, when using your phone, time is on your side. Everything that happens over the phone happens slower than




a face-to-face interaction. You can put more consideration into what you say, what she says, and how to respond. These low- pressure situations will make you a better communicator with women. With that in mind, this book is written with two goals:

1. Using your phone to get you enjoying more success with women right now, and

2. Teaching you the principles of attractive communica- tion-when using the phone and beyond.

This book will supply you with plenty of examples and tem- plates, as well as a step-by-step game plan, so you can instant- ly improve your phone game. If you just send the "prescribed" texts from this book, you'll enjoy a significant boost in your dating success.

More important though, this book will strengthen your un- derstanding and application of attractive communication. You will learn the principles and dynamics that constitute flirting, bantering, making a connection, and humor.

You are going to learn how to better relate to women from a classroom that fits into the palm of your hand. If you stick with this book for just three months, you will transform your inter- actions with women. Phone game is much more than simply using your phone. It's about using language in an attractive and effective way.





































Therefore, you should see phone game as enjoyable-not a chore. To underscore the fun aspect of phone game, this book has it's own set of words and phrases. The purpose of this "phone game vocabulary" is simply to remind you that it's just a game. Enjoy yourself and don't take it too seriously!

Cinderella Effect-A "phenomenon" thatcommonlyhap- pens when meeting girls at bars and nightclubs, where a woman seems like a total sweetheart the night you meet her. But, when you try to contact her afterwards, she turns into something else. Whether she turns mean, cold, disinterested, or just nonresponsive, she's display- ing the "Cinderella Effect."

The Sixth Sense Syndrome-Like Bruce Willis' character




in the movie The Sixth Sense, you become like a ghost to women whose numbers you get. When you call or text them, their lack of response makes you feel as if you don't even exist. Unlike that creepy little kid from the movie, she DOES NOT "see" dead people!

Chasing the Loss-A gambling term that refers to the fa- tal mistake of frantically trying to win back your losses. Likewise, guys will sometimes overuse their phone in a vain attempt to recover the attraction or connection they feel they lost. Chasing the loss is an important con- cept to grasp, as it's much better to step away from a situation temporarily, and return to it when you're more coolheaded.

Touch Points-The various different modes of commu- nication outside simply using your phone. Examples of common touch points are email, Facebook, and instant messenger.

Pulling the Trigger-A phrase that describes taking the initiative and proposing a date or meet up. Often guys neglect to "pull the trigger" or wait too long to do so, and so end up as a girl's "phone buddy."

Key-Lock Sequence-The specific 3-text sequence you apply when setting up a date. The key-lock sequence should be applied very early in an interaction-and con- stantly. The key-lock sequence combines all 3 ingredi-




ents of phone game (which you will read about below).

Play the Numbers-When you text unresponsive girls fun and humorous texts. You never know when one of those numbers will "hit" and you end up on a date with a girl you thought was ignoring you.

Radar Texts-The initial text that simply "gets on a woman's radar." These texts are sent without expect- ing a response. Radar texts always end with your name because it's always the first text you send a woman you just met.

Holding Pattern-A series of texts you send a woman that you are waiting to meet up with. Holding patterns are used on women who leave town for a few weeks, live in other cities, or have some other issue that pre- vents you from seeing them in the near future.

Shred-Her Responses-A proven response that "shreds" a woman's objections, flakiness, or bad behavior.






























he next time you're staring at your phone, wonder- ing what to text a girl, think of pizza. I know it sounds strange, but using your phone can be as simple as remembering the ingredients of pizza, which are dough, tomato sauce, and cheese.


Likewise, there are only three "ingredients" to phone and text game:

1. Sparking emotions
2. Making connections
3. Handling logistics

These three ingredients are the fundamentals of using your phone in an attractive way. The purpose of this book is to de- fine each ingredient, supply plenty of examples and templates, and explain when-and how much-to use each. If you can do that, you will never lose another girl because of a clumsy follow up.

Moreover, you'll never add the wrong ingredients. Notice how the three ingredients of phoning and texting are NOT:






• Asking questions
• Providing entertainment
• Acting polite
• Making small talk
• Offering explanations
• Reciting soliloquys
• Begging

Adding the wrong ingredients is like trying to make a pizza with bananas, mustard, and pita shells. But rather than get- ting a disgusting dish, you get an unresponsive and uninter- ested girl. Using the wrong ingredients will douse whatever sexual spark you may have had with her.

As with pizza, you can occasionally add a topping like pepper- oni or peppers. With phone and text, that means it can some- times help to banter, get logical, or do something else that deviates from the three main ingredients. These exceptions, however, only come after you've mixed the first three ingredi- ents-just as toppings are sprinkled on top of the pizza.

At this point, with all this talk of pizza, you may find yourself confused (or maybe even a bit hungry). In the next sections, you will learn more about the three ingredients. The only rea- son for the pizza metaphor is so that you can easily remember how to best use your phone. Once you get it, keeping girls in- terested becomes as easy as pie-or, in this case, pizza pie.





































Often guys think they can use logic to convince a woman to do something (like meet for a date), but this is NOT how wom- en make romantic and sexual decisions. Whether you want a woman to show up to a date, tell you a secret, or think about you when you're apart, you must begin by getting her emo- tional.

On text, the best way to spark emotions is through humor and flirting. When you're face-to-face with a woman, there are many other ways to spark her emotions. However, when you're trying to elicit an emotional response using the phone, the easiest (and safest) way to do that is to get her smiling and laughing.

Though, sparking a woman's emotions is more than just "be-




ing funny." You need to make sure you're using the right kind of humor and flirting. That's why understanding subtext is so important-especially in phone game. You'll learn the proper subtext in a later chapter. For now, just remember the first principle of phone and text game:

Principle 1: If you can get her to feel an emotion, you can capture her attention.

That may sound obvious, but so many guys overlook this first principle. Ask yourself this: have you ever sent a first text that said something like, "Nice meeting you" or "Hey, this is Tom"? Or maybe you tried asking a woman out with the first text you sent? Think back on it (and go through your old text messages if you have to), are your first texts sparking a woman's emo- tions? If you're like most guys, the answer is probably no.

As such, she probably saw you as "just another guy." You didn't make yourself stand out from the crowd. If she was even somewhat cute, you can bet there were plenty of other guys texting her, as well. Even if you had a great interaction in person, an emotionless first text can cause her to second- guess her initial impression of you.

But you're never going to make that mistake again. Just as you can't imagine making a pizza without the dough, you won't be able to fathom using your phone without first sparking an emotion. It's the crust on which you will layer on the other in- gredients.





































bread. Without sauce, you don't get a pizza-you get cheese bread, which is something totally different and not nearly as delicious as pizza. Likewise, a guy who fails to establish some sort of connection won't come off as an attractive guy. In- stead, he'll be seen as a desperate clown. And clowns aren't very attractive.

The solution is simple: add the sauce. Connecting with a girl over something-whether it's a common interest, inside joke, nickname, or even something out of your imagination-is what holds a good interaction together. It adds flavor and depth to your communication. It gets her to see you as a real person- which is crucial for eliminating flaking and non-responsiveness.

But this ingredient comes with a caveat: don't do too much




connecting over the phone. Just as too much sauce can de- stroy a pizza, trying too hard to establish connections with a woman can ruin your chances. You only want a thin layer of connecting-just enough to hold things together. Real con- nections aren't made over the phone; they're made in person.

With that in mind, here's the second principle of phone game:

Principle 2: Forming a connection gives her a reason to think and care about you.

By using the formulas, templates, and tips in the later chapters, you will learn how to create a connection by either reminding her of things you two shared or by inventing new connections. By doing this, you demonstrate to her that you're for real.

Whether you want a lover, date, girlfriend, or wife, establish- ing some sort of connection is crucial. Obviously the amount of connecting over the phone you'd do with your girlfriend would be different from how you'd connect with a girl you met for 5 minutes in Starbucks. Exactly how much connecting is appropriate during each phase of a relationship is explained in later sections.







































person, she's even more excited to see you than the last time she saw you in person.

Very often guys add this ingredient in too late-or sometimes not at all. If you've ever had a text conversation that went on and on without ever trying to secure a meet up, you've made this mistake. Using your phone is a great tool to improve your chances with women, but if you neglect to handle logistics then you're just spinning your wheels.

Make sure that you're using phone and text for its main pur- pose: getting dates. While using the phone is a great way to warm women up to seeing you, it's only a means to an end. When you handle logistics you're ensuring that you use this "means" to secure a happy ending. In fact, that's the third and




final principle of phone game:

Principle 3: Getting an in-person meet-up (i.e., a date) is your ultimate goal when using your phone; everything else is just preparation to achieve that goal.

If you think about it, the other two ingredients are only nec- essary to "grease the wheels" for this third and final ingredi- ent. If getting an in-person meet-up were as simple as texting "Let's meet tonight at 8p.m. at Tonic Lounge on 27th st" then there would only be one ingredient of phone and text game (and there probably wouldn't be a need for this book!).

This, however, isn't the case. If you've ever tried to work a woman's phone number before, you probably know that things aren't this simple. Even when you apply all three ingre- dients, you may still run into hurdles. Sometimes getting a girl to see you again can be challenging. If, however, you know how to handle logistics, then you'll know how to make it hap- pen-no matter what.

Moreover, you can use this ingredient liberally. Just like "extra cheese" makes for a great pizza, handling logistics early and often improves your chances with women. Most guys think they should only ask for a meet up or date when they think she'll say yes. That's the wrong attitude!

Remember, handling logistics is an ingredient. Therefore, it's no different from flirting or making a connection. Sometimes




girls purposely turn you down the first few times you invite them out. As long as you don't get angry or upset, it won't matter. You'll get these girls out. But you have to treat han- dling logistics as an ingredient-not as a make-or-break mo- ment.

These three simple ingredients are all you'll ever need when using your phone. Any communication that falls outside these three ingredients isn't necessarily wrong, but it should be thought of as a "topping" and not "the pizza." More impor- tant, you must have the three ingredients in place before you start adding toppings. Therefore, until you've sparked an emo- tion, made a connection, and handled logistics, do not try any- thing else. It'll only end up working against you.











































n an average day, what gets you to stop what you're doing and pay attention? It may be hard to remember the last time something gripped you so much that it interrupted your day. Maybe it was an advertisement for a movie you've been
waiting to see. Maybe it was a funny looking dog. Maybe it the sight of hot woman dressed sexy.

If you think about it, things that get you to stop have two things in common:

1. They're different, and
2. They're exciting

Most days, your daily routine takes over, and you tune out dis- tractions. But every once in a while, something comes along




that captures your full attention. To do this using your phone, you must learn how to craft your language so that it stops a woman cold, sparks an emotion, and makes her interested in what you have to say.

When you're considering the language of a "sparking emo- tions" text, some questions you should be asking yourself are:

• What is new, different, or interesting about what I'm writing?

• What "mental pictures" are my words painting?

• Is this clear? Will she immediately "get" what I'm try- ing to say?

• Does this sound like something "every other guy" would write?

If you're still confused-don't worry. You will learn more about sparking emotions in the later sections as well as through the examples. But, to help get you thinking more "emotionally" right now, here are some ways to instantly improve the unique- ness of your language:

• Substitute signs for words. For example, rather than using words like "is," "was," or "are" substitute in "=" signs (e.g., "Our meeting last night = awesome"; "Me = hung over this morning!").






• Begin with verbs, exclamations, or one-word sentenc- es. For example, you can begin a text with an irregular verb like "bump" as in "Bump some R. Kelly for me..." or you can even break a sentence into smaller sentenc- es: "Bump. Some. K. Kelly. For me."

• Start with "mock drama." For example, you can text something like, "It's over" or even "I hate you" to im- mediately get an emotional response. (Warning: a woman should know you're teasing her when you send these texts, so quickly follow up with a text that makes it clear that you don't actually hate her, etc.)

• Add funny phrases to simple statements. For example, you can "jazz up" any noun by adding a phrase like "... crafted by the Hand of God" as in "Just had an omelet crafted by the Hand of God. Delicious!"





































Thus, you probably do have a genuine curiosity for the women you text. Your problem is that you don't know how to lever- age that curiosity in an attractive way. To solve that problem, you just need to get more specific-especially in two areas:

1. Make specific inside jokes, and
2. Ask specific questions

Here's a brief explanation of how to use each:

Inside Jokes: Hopefully when you interact with women face-to-face, you're establishing little "inside jokes" be- tween the two of you. This can be as simple as saying something like, "How good are you on text? Why do I have a sneak suspicion that you're like Shakespeare on




text...?" when you're asking for her number. If a woman laughs as you're saying that, you have an "inside joke."

Later in this book, you'll read a case study where I said I'm a "total text addict" as I was getting a girl's number. So, fittingly, my first text to her was, "I'm indulging my text addiction just for you." Immediately, that text re- called the fun she had with me, and further connected us. No other guy could have texted her that. That was a joke only she and I shared.

Likewise, you will have your specific "inside jokes" that only you and a woman share. Use them!

Questions: To make your questions more specific, add reasons. Adding "reasons" just means telling her why you're asking her questions. For example, most guys ask women, "Where are you from?" But a better way to ask that question is, "Where are you from? Your accent sounds interesting." When you add a reason to your question, she'll want to know why you're asking your questions.

Moreover, when you ask her questions with reasons, you invite the most common female response, which is, "Why do you think that?" Whenever a woman asks you questions like this, she's inviting you to strengthen your connection with her.





































Don't fall into this trap. Ask women out fast and often. "Fast" means you shouldn't let more than a few texts go by without proposing a date; "often" means you shouldn't let a "rejec- tion" bother you. The most important thing is to pull the trig- ger and ask-not whether or not she said yes. As long as a woman keeps interacting with you, and you keep proposing a meet up, eventually she's going to say yes.

Though, how you phrase your proposals can sometimes help. If you phrase a meet up in a unique or interesting way, it can add some emotion. Sometimes that little extra emotion will knock a girl over the fence, and she'll agree to see you. You'll see examples of this throughout the book.





































the fourth or fifth date)

3. You are dating her (after the fifth date, or when things get more serious)

The way you text a woman during each phase is different. Not only does the frequency of how much you text change, but the ratio of the three ingredients also changes. As you can prob- ably guess, you would do much more connecting with your girlfriend than with a woman you want to date.

We break phone and texting into these three phases to keep things simple. With the three ingredients in mind, coupled with your understanding of the three phases, we can now move into the specifics of phone game. Warm up your thumbs!










































Got Her Number...Now
aybe you met her at a bar or nightclub. May- be it was the girl from the coffee shop or the cutie who sat next to you on the train. Or per- haps she was in one of your classes or even  a "friend-of-a-friend." It could even be a girl
from an online dating website, who you exchanged numbers with.

Regardless, all these girls fall into the same category: they're
girls you want to "date"-or at least go on a date with. This phase is where the vast majority of guys mess up and ruin their chances with the girls they're pursuing.




Popular advice and conventional wisdom often stresses the amount of time you wait before contacting her via phone or text. If you've ever seen the movie Swingers, you may remem- ber the "three-day rule," which stipulates you must wait three days before contacting a woman you're interested in.

Not only is this advice wrong (you should never wait that long!), it's also misguided. It emphasizes timing (i.e., when you follow up) over delivery (i.e., what you follow up with). While timing is somewhat important, delivery is what really counts.

Attractive delivery comes from following three simple rules:

1. Avoid sending more than 2 texts without proposing a meet up

2. Send mostly statements; avoid asking questions (espe- cially when proposing a meet up)

3. Don't make plans too far in advance. Ideally, text her in the morning to meet her later in the evening, espe- cially on a "date night" (e.g., Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays)

You will understand these rules much better-as well as when to break them-as you go through this chapter. Feel free to skip ahead if you have a specific situation that requires imme- diate attention. But if possible, read through each section in order to fully grasp the essence of effective follow up.





































When you send the initial text, you get to set the tone of the in- teraction. Often this is where guys go wrong. Many guys make the fatal mistake of setting a logical, neutral, and/or boring tone. Texts like, "Nice meeting you" or "Hope you got home safe" do not get things off to a good start.

In your first text, you want to mix two of the three phone game ingredients together: sparking emotions and making connec- tions. In other words, you want to send a text that makes her laugh or smile but also makes her feel as if she already has a connection with you.

Any sort of inside joke the two of you shared works really well here. If you're not currently creating inside jokes with women, start getting in the habit of it! It's not hard to do. An inside




joke can be anything that gets her giggling, such as:

• A nickname you gave her
• Something you teased her about (her cute accent, her "nerd skills," etc.)
• Something you did together that was fun (danced to- gether, had a drink, etc.)
• A funny thing that happened

Here's a case study along with a short explanation to illustrate the concept of a "radar text":


When I approached this girl, she was in a large group of people, so to get her in a one-on-one situation away from her friends I said, "Let's go on a speed date." Since she seemed to like that idea (enough so that she ditched her friends for me!), I used the joke again in my initial text.





This girl and I ended up talking about French toast and how good it is. Both of us claimed to be able to make the "best French toast," so we jokingly said our first date would be a French toast making competition like "Top Chef".

Notice how these texts spark a little emotion, establish a bit of a connection, and end
with a little nicety (e.g., "fun meeting you") and a  name.  Radar  texts

attractive and normal.
When crafting an initial
text be sure to keep it under 5-7 lines. Also, don't try to stuff as many inside jokes in as possible. Keep it short, sweet, and simple.

In a perfect world, you'd have a little inside joke with every girl you approach. But shit happens. Sometimes you only had 30 seconds to get her number; sometimes you can't remember what you spoke about, etc. When this happens, don't worry! There's still hope...

In these situations, simply try to spark her emotions. If you can get her feeling good, she'll enjoy your texts-even if she doesn't remember you or doesn't recall the conversation you had. Here's a case study you can use (or use it to inspire your own) of sparking an emotion with a radar text.







Notice how this text simply makes a little flirty joke, offers an introduction, and leaves a name. This is all you're look- ing to establish in the first text! It's an icebreaker...and just an icebreaker. Most guys send out their first text hop- ing and waiting for a response. If that's something you do change your attitude.

The only purpose of the first radar text is exactly that: to get on her radar. She may respond. She may not. It doesn't mat- ter. What matters is what you do next, which you will learn about below.







































Instead, use your phone like a normal, attractive guy. When normal, high self-esteem people exchange contact info they follow up with one another naturally. (Only weird manipula- tive nerds ponder how long to wait and try to encode and de- cipher hidden meaning in every text.)

A big part of this book-as well as solid phone game-is learn- ing to use text as an extension of your playful, attractive, and confident personality. Remember: the three ingredients of text game don't include such nonsense as "fake disinterest" or manipulative strategies. That stuff is for basement-dwelling nerds!

Therefore, you want to follow-up with a woman either the




same day (or night) you meet her, or the day after. Waiting an extra day isn't the worst thing, but don't let any more than three days go by without sending your initial radar text.

After you send out that initial text, put your phone away and resist the urge to check it for a response every 5 minutes. In fact, as mentioned in the previous section, you shouldn't ex- pect a response at all. The beauty of sending out a radar text is that it doesn't require a response. You're not asking her a question, fishing for a compliment, or trying to make plans.

Often girls will respond to your first text. Depending on her re- sponse you can either
send back a text, or just go silent. Again, you're

sation" with the first text, so don't get into a long conversation! Too often  guys  ruin  their
chances for a date by becoming a girl's text friend.

She may think your initial text was comedy gold, making her excited to text back and forth with you. But fight the temp- tation to get into a long, drawn out text exchange. While it's gratifying in the short term, it diminishes your chances with her in the long term. Once you get a bit more serious with a woman, it's fine to converse with her over text. But for now, just send your initial text, get on her radar, and get on with




your life.

Conversely, she may not respond to your first text. This is to- tally fine, too. Don't get upset or freak out. There's a good chance she enjoyed your text, but just didn't feel the need to respond. Don't second-guess yourself or go into a tizzy over one unanswered text. Always remember: the first text is ONLY meant to get on her radar.

In rare circumstances, a girl may text back something com- pletely unexpected, like, "Who is this?" Again, don't freak out. Just read the next section...

























































that bad. Situations like this are still salvageable-if you make the right moves. In "special circumstances" like this, you can violate the "Three Rules for the First Text."

In this situation, it's important you first make sure she knows you're not offended or angry. Remember, your attitude should be that it's no big deal. Most hot women don't invest too much of themselves into an interaction, so it always just stays "fun" for them.




And you should have the same attitude. If you can demon- strate that you don't care that much, then she'll relax and know you're "fun." Keep in mind: she didn't sign a social contract to see you again. Until it seems "fun" for her, she's simply not going to meet you again.

So, your next text (which you can send anywhere between 10 minutes to an hour after she asks "who is this") should be something like:


Everything about that text-down to the typos-is in- tentional. Essentially, you want to give the impression that you really don't take it seriously-you actually find it amusing ("lol"). Words like "player" and "mack it" are helpful because they're humorous and also help to reverse the roles a bit, evoking some "gender humor."

After sending the "no big deal" text, wait 10 or 15 minutes. Sometimes girls will remember you, other times they won't. Often though, they just don't respond. Again, don't sweat it-you can still get her out, but you have to work a little more text magic.




As such, send a "funny" text that'll get her laughing. Though, you want to be careful with humor over text. Girls sometimes misinterpret "text humor" as creepy or offensive. So don't say anything too sexual, weird, or creepy. As you read on, you'll develop more of a sense of how to apply humor over text.

In this situation, you want to send a text like:

This (somewhat) edgy text is a "lol" and not a "wtf" be- cause of one key word: "COUGAR." Generally, young, hot women have a natural disdain for "cougars." By making a joke about a "grabby cougar" with "arm fat" and a "fan- ny pack," you can get her laughing while also developing a bit of a connection with her.

Most likely, she was also "molested" by a few unsavory char- acters. She might even write back with stories of her own, de- scribing creepy guys. Oh, and if the girl you're texting IS a cou- gar, you might want to substitute "cougar" for "crazy college chick." (Pro tip: young girls and cougars are natural enemies!)






At this point, she should at least be enjoying your texts. Once you've "warmed up" the interaction, you can proceed as nor- mal, which means either go silent or even pull the trigger for a meet up.

Though, at this point, girls will often text something to the effect of, "What do you look like?" Most guys think they're home free at this point since the girl now seems interested... but it's a TRAP. The next section explains what to do in that situation.




































ly, which is the absolute worst thing you can do. They either give a description of

picture. Be warned: if you answer with real response-or worse, actually send a picture of yourself-you could
jeopardize the interaction (and it has nothing to do with your looks).

Now, that's not to say you can never give a real description or send a picture. In fact, doing so AFTER you've sparked an emotion is recommended. But, before you do, you want to make sure to spark her emotions.




Here's an example of a text that does that:

Answering her question in a completely illogical (and totally playful) way, you demonstrate that you're FUN. She'll feel MUCH more comfortable meeting up with you because she knows you're not boring or awkward. Also, she sees that you don't take yourself too seriously (a very important quality to demonstrate before the first date!)

Almost any girl will find this funny (and if she doesn't, is this really a girl you'd want to spend a date with anyway?). How- ever, funny as she may think you are, don't keep trying to be "cute" or "funny" over text. Remember your purpose: to meet up with her!

So if a girl writes back with a proclamation of your hilarity (e.g., "lololol omg! ur crazy!!"), you can congratulate yourself on successfully transitioning from "random guy" to "funny, in- teresting guy." And that's a PERFECT time to propose a meet up.




If you hesitate and keep sending texts, you're going to turn into a "text goofball." You will learn how to seamlessly pro- pose a meet up in the next section, but here's a quick preview on a good way to do it in this "troubleshooting" scenario:





























































It's NOT okay, however, to just text back-and-forth without ever proposing a meet up.

That's why the first rule of proper phone game is, Avoid send- ing more than 2 texts without proposing a meet up. After the initial text, only give yourself 2 texts before you propose a meet. Or, according to the pizza recipe, "adding the third ingredient." Because, as you can probably guess, setting up a meet up is a perfect example of "handling logistics."




Equally as important as remembering this first rule, you should also keep the third rule in mind, Text her in the morning and propose meeting her later in the evening on "date nights"- Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays. When you're setting up a date, timing is just as important as delivery. And your tim- ing is this:

Text her the same day you want to see her.

Many guys adhere to the "old fashioned" dating model of set- ting up a date a few days in advance. Often guys will text a girl on Monday to make plans
for Wednesday. This is completely  wrong!  To

night, text her Wednes- day morning. If she pro- poses a different night, that's  fine;  then  it's
okay to set up a date in advance. But you should text in the morning or afternoon for dates in the evening.

This is true even if you're texting 2 or 3 new girls. Text all of them Monday mornings and propose a meet up that night. If all the girls agree, decide which girl you'd like to see that night and text the others, "ahh something just came up, can you do tomorrow night?" or, "ahh something just came up, can you do Wednesday night?"




The point here isn't even the meet up-it's demonstrating that you're serious about seeing her. Lots of guys hide behind their phone and think they're going to seduce girls over text. This is the coward's play, and not something attractive men do. Proper phone game isn't about playing grab-ass over text; it's about getting meet ups that turn into sex and relationships!

Therefore, it's very important you establish early on that you're not a coward hiding behind his phone. You do that by keeping the first rule in mind. If you go 3 or 4 texts before going for a meet up, that's acceptable. But if you're sending anything more than that, you're resorting to a coward's play. And that's going to kill your chances.

Now that you understand the importance of how to text for a date, the next section will teach you what to text.







































1. Key: Spark an emotion
2. Turn: Make a connection
3. Push: Handle logistics

It really can be that simple! You just want to get her giggling or smiling, make her feel a connection to you, and then propose a meet up. If you can do that, you can get dates. Let's look at a case study that demonstrates this "key-lock sequence":







Key TexT!




This was a girl I'd met on the street at 2a.m. and only had 30 seconds to get her number, so we really didn't make much of a connection. Therefore, I simply make a humor- ous statement about my day, sparking a little emotion, and getting her attention.



Turn TexT!



Without waiting for a response, I send another text im- mediately that makes a connection. Even something as simple and trivial as "Hope you're having a divine morn- ing" can get a woman to feel a sense of rapport with you. Moreover, notice how I mix in a little "inside humor" with the word "divine" (which is a reference to God, which I made in the previous text). Even though we didn't have an inside joke when we met, I'm creating one for us over text (without her having to do anything!).

Her response may seem pretty lackluster, but it's actu- ally excellent. Telling me that she had a "nightmare" is her way of making a connection. Even though she prob- ably doesn't realize it, she's beginning to view me as more than just a random guy texting her. Whenever girls share




personal information like this-as trivial as it may seem- there's a very good chance they will meet you for a date.












TexT!
I acknowledgetheconnection by agreeing withher, "night- mares are the worst." I then add the final ingredient of phone game and propose a date. I sprinkle a little inside joke in at the end ("it will be the exact opposite of a night- mare") only because we had so little connection during our initial meeting that I want to establish a little more connection while also sparking a bit of emotion.

Even though she refuses the request, her suggestion for another night indicates that she's interested.





Now that the date is established, there's no need to keep texting. In fact, any further texting beyond a simple re- minder that you'll text her in the morning can put the date at risk. I added "no more nightmares" in this case, but even that was unnecessary.

Ideally all of your text interactions will be as smooth as this. If it only takes 3-6 texts to set up a date, there's absolutely no reason to do any more work. Great phone game before the first date isn't about flashy lines or witty banter: it's simply about getting that first date. Once a woman agrees to a date, consider your mission complete.

Unfortunately though, things usually don't go so smooth. At the very least, girls will usually suggest a different night to meet up, as what happened here. When that happens, it's just as good as her agreeing to your proposed date. In fact, one thing to always remember when using your phone to set up dates is this:

If she suggests another time/date, it's fine. She's inter- ested and probably will not flake.

If a woman refuses, but doesn't suggest another time, then you have some troubleshooting to do. Even this isn't that much of a problem...if you know what you're doing (and you will). But before we move into troubleshooting, let's look at another case study of a successful application of the key-lock sequence:
















When this girl was putting her number into my phone, I told her, "I'm such a text addict. It's a problem." She found this hilarious, so I made sure to use the joke again on the first text. (Pro tip: If you want a simple inside joke for every girl whose number you take, just tell them how much of a text addict you are as they're putting their number into your phone.) The comment is mostly to spark an emotion, but since she's in on the joke, it also reestablishes our con- nection.

The "Hahah" she writes back makes it very clear that the joke hit, and her emotions are sparked. Moreover, any time a girl asks YOU a question (even something as innocent as "what's up?!?"), she's trying to create a connection. This is a very good sign!




Another joke we shared in our initial meeting was I told her that I worked in an office "with a battalion of soccer




moms." Again, she found this very funny when I said it in person, so I reuse the joke again to further establish a con- nection. I also ask "what u up to" to add a little extra rap- port since it's obvious I've sufficiently sparked her emo- tions and got her laughing.

She tells me something about her, which further strengths our connection. The happy face is also promising.

Here I begin to handle logistics. Asking her how good she is at pool is obviously planting the seed to invite her out for a date. If you don't feel totally comfortable pulling the trigger and asking for a date after three texts, you must AT LEAST elude to a date, as I do here.



Her answer is flirty and sexual. It's almost guaranteed a girl will come out if she's making sexual remarks like this.







I compliment her then shoot for the meet up. I propose a date for later that night, and make a joke about "NYC weirdos."

She doesn't get the joke; asks for more information.

I tell her the address and wait for her to confirm.

(An hour goes by)





After an hour, I get no response (which was irregular be- cause she was responding in 2-3 minutes before). I send another text that restates the logistics and adds a pinch of emotion ("un-intense game of pool and/or resplen- dence"). Also adding "let me know ;]" is an excellent phrase to use when you're looking for a response.

Her response shows interest, but I will need to handle more logistics.

I handle the logistics and then continue to solidify the con- nection by giving her a compliment ("w/that feisty wit") as well as spark some emotion ("hot magic awaits")







Finally, here is a case study that shows a "textbook" key-lock sequence:



































































1. You have the wrong number-either she intentionally gave you a fake or it got programmed into your phone incorrectly

2. Her interest in you was minimal and she only gave you her number to be polite

3. She's somewhat interested but you haven't sparked enough emotion to get her to pay attention




4. She was attracted to you but doesn't feel a sense of connection so she's actively avoiding responding to you (even though she wants to emotionally)

In those four scenarios, you can only salvage the third and fourth. If you have the wrong number or she had little or no interest in you, then there's not much you can do with your phone that's going to change that. Luckily, however, the vast majority of girls who go unresponsive fall into the later two categories, and you still have a chance. It may be a slim chance, but there's still a glimmer of hope.

To give yourself the best chance of recovery, you need to be honest	with	yourself.
Ask yourself where you think	you	stand	with

seem mildly interested at the time? Or did she really appear genuinely
attracted? Most guys like to believe that the girl really was at- tracted, but remain objective! Ask yourself:

• Did she "isolate" with you in your initial meeting (which means did she feel comfortable talking to you in a secluded, one-on-one setting, away from her friends)?

• Did she reinitiate the conversation with you or find you




later to talk to you?

• Did you kiss her (on the lips) or have any sexual contact with her?

• Did she suggest giving you her number or mention hanging out with you again?

If none of this happened in your initial meeting, she probably only has a mild (or possibly low) interest in you. Keep in mind: this is not always the case, and there will be plenty of situa- tions where none of these things happen and the girl does feel strong attraction to you.

But, overall, these "signs" will help you to be more objective when assessing what went wrong. Your memory sometimes exaggerates how interested a girl was, making you believe she was more attracted than she was. You might then apply the wrong follow up strategy and completely destroy whatever chance you had.

Once you've realistically evaluated the initial meeting, you'll learn in the next two sections how to handle both situations: low interest and some interest (with no connection).







































1. Remain persistent
2. Remain playful

Before explaining those two tenets, be warned that if a girl writes any sort of text that asks (or tells) you to stop texting her, then you stop. Once a girl says to stop texting her, the game's over. Move on. Not even Shakespeare himself could convince her to see you again at that point. Don't get upset or offended by it, just delete her number and try to figure out what you could have done differently when you'd met her.

However, as long as a girl doesn't tell you to stop texting her, it's game on. You can send as many texts as you like, trying all different "keys" until one clicks. Of course, use some com-




mon sense and only send one text every other day so that you don't come off like a crazy person.

By remaining playful you keep yourself from coming off needy or desperate as you keep texting her-even when she's not responding. Instead, you'll just seem like a fun, confident guy who goes for what he wants, but doesn't need anything. In fact, that's your "test" before sending any text to an unre- sponsive girl:

Am I secretly expecting a response from this text?

If you answer yes, don't send it. Equally as important as re- maining persistent is also remaining playful. And playfulness is an end itself. When you're playful you don't crave a reaction or response. Let's look at two case studies, demonstrating a bad and good example:






Now even though those two texts communicate the same sen- timent, they are very different. The first text is bad because it's an obvious ploy for attention. If you know she likes Nicki Minaj, you hope that by referencing her interests she'll validate you with a response. That text secretly expects a response.

On the other hand, saying something random like "It's shark week" is not something girls would usually like. Yet it's funny. Why shark week would make you think of her is offbeat and humorous. But since it's so "random," it doesn't beg for a re- sponse. It simply throws out a little humor, and gives her the choice whether she wants to "bite."

In fact, when you're apply this strategy, it's highly recommend- ed you simply send the text, switch your phone to silent, slip it in your pocket, and forget about it for a few hours. As tempt- ing as it may be, don't keep checking every 5 minutes to see if she responded. Detaching yourself from the outcome will help solidify the mindset you'll need to make this work.

Moreover, you should come to enjoy sending these sorts of texts. If you're laughing as you're writing out the text, you know you probably have a winner. Think of it like game: "play- ing the numbers."

You have no idea what behind-the-scenes factors are keeping her from responding to you. She might be shy, lazy, in a rela- tionship, visiting her grandma in the hospital, or a million of other things that have nothing to do with you. All you can do is




remain cool and fun and try to spark her emotions by sending some romantic comedy over text. Let's examine a case study and break down what's going on:

Since I'd not gotten a response from this girl for weeks, I knew I had to "go big." I purposely crafted a somewhat edgy text because I wanted to make sure that it captured her attention and got her laughing. It may appear that this text violated the rule of NOT expecting a response since it's asking a question; however, the text was meant as a joke, not a serious question. My intention wasn't a re- sponse-it was a laugh.





This was a perfect response because I HAD been texting this girl about once a week for the past few weeks (none of which got a response). Her three-sentence response shows some investment on her part, indicating that I'm back in the game.





















Here's where I pour on a little connection. I answer her question, explain what "prompted" me to text her, and play on the "inside" joke that got her to respond.

Here she confirms the effectiveness of the "key" by saying how my text got her to burst out laughing in class. The two questions  about

that she's also trying to make a connection.






I know it's time to "push" so I use this text to handle logis- tics, proposing we "catch up over drinks."



She's still not sold on the idea, challenging me to spark more emotion.
I try a joke.



It fails.




I quickly recover...

...then I spark some more emotions while making a con- nection.







She hesitatingly gets on board with the idea. More impor- tant though, she's playing along.






I go into the standard "What do you look" troubleshoot- ing sequence.

She keeps the joke going, claiming she "had 3 kids" (which is obviously a joke because this girl was 20 years old). No- tice how she adds the disclaimer, "If you're looking for love child material, you may be disappointed." This is NOT something I'm going to debate over text. Remember: if she agrees to the meet up, it's mission accomplished. That's all you're shooting for in the initial texts.





















I simply round out the logistics. Notice how I go for the same night meet up.




She wants to do Friday night.




I agree.


We finish off by solidifying the logistics.




Always keep in mind: she gave you her number because she wants you to text her. That means she wants you to win just as much as you want to
win. But, at the same time, she also needs to

mal, and cool. As long as you keep the basics in mind, you should be
able to recover some girls who go unresponsive.

Of course, you will encounter some girls who will never re- spond to you, no matter how great your texts are. Ultimately, it's up to you to decide how much effort you want to put in. But it never hurts to "play the numbers"-especially when you're just writing texts that you find amusing.





































Obviously she was attracted to you. Why, then, is she not re- sponding? Well, often guys do so much flirting that they ne- glect to "solidify" themselves as a person. To her, guys like this are just hot, fun, pieces of "man-candy."

Before getting into the texts to recover from this, pause to take inventory of this problem so you can prevent it from hap- pening in the future. An irony of becoming better with wom- en is that some guys become too good for their own good. In other words, they learn how to create quick, burning-hot at- traction without making mistakes or slip-ups.

This only lets women see their "attractive qualities." While this sounds great to most inexperienced guys, it actually makes it much harder to date these women. So, while flirting with




women is great, also make sure she sees you as a real person.

That's why the "recov- ery" text sequence below  really  empha-
sizes making a connection. You want to really lay it on thick so she gets a sense of the man you are. You can do that by sending this text sequence a day or two after a failed key-lock sequence (preferably send it in the morning):
























Obviously write YOUR full name, not mine. Also substitute YOUR interests/disgusts/secrets in for mine (as the whole point is to crystallize YOURSELF as a human).

Here's a case study that shows a girl who had some interest, but obviously didn't feel enough of a connection for a date:














































In situations like this, time is not on your side. Just as you met plenty of new girls, you can be sure she's meeting plenty of new guys. Memories fade and you become nothing more than a guy she can't remember. Though, for some guys, that can be a good thing (as weird as that sounds).

If you did something in your initial interaction that turned her off, likely a girl will have forgotten your mistakes with time. While it's not recommended, in very rare cases it can some- times benefit you to let a month or so go by without contact- ing a woman. Again, this isn't something you should make a habit of doing, but if you really bombed in-person (especially if you did something really stupid after she gave you her num- ber), you might want to consider this strategy.




You may also find yourself sitting on an unused number in cer- tain social circle situations. For example, you and girl may have hit it off one night, and you got her number. A few days later you find out that she began dating someone else or got back together with her ex. While you could apply the same strategy as you would for a "Low Interest" girl and text her without attachment, you're probably better off simply not contacting her at all and waiting until she's single again.

As a quick side note, how you apply these phone game strate- gies is up to you. It depends on how much you like a girl and what you feel comfortable doing. While the strategies in this book have been proven to work in the real world, they aren't magic spells. Often the effectiveness of a strategy depends on how well you apply it coupled with how well it matches your personality and style.

That being said, reigniting an old number is fairly straightfor- ward. Unlike working a "low interest" number, the most im- portant aspect of reconnecting with an old number depends on just that: reconnecting. These situations call for the "mak- ing connections" ingredient. Here's an example of such a text:





Don't set you expectations too high. Reviving an old number is very hit-or-miss so don't get upset if you don't get a response. If she does respond, however, proceed with either the key lock sequence or, if her response is lackluster, treat the situ- ation as if you were texting a low interest girl. Regardless, if you get any response, there's a decent chance you will meet up with her.





































as putting her in a "holding pattern." This means you text her sporadically, keeping the passion smoldering. This prepares you to meet her sometime in the future. A holding pattern is simply 2/3's of the key-lock sequence: spark emotions and make connections.

Initiate a holding pattern every 3-4 days, letting the text con- versations go for about 4-5 back-and-forth texts. Don't get too chatty on text-leave some intrigue for the eventual date. The purpose of a "holding pattern" is simply to stay on her ra- dar. Every once in a while you can even give her a call (if you'd like), but, again, don't let these phone conversations go be- yond 8-10 minutes.

Here's a case study of a holding pattern with a girl met in Ve-




gas who lived across the country:










Also, initiate other "touch points" with her: Friend her on Face- book, send funny videos to her email, etc. Be sure you're on her mind, but don't go overboard! Leave some mystery and in- trigue so that she makes a point to see you in the near future.














































Below are some strategies to use either before or after ap- plying the above strategies. A big part of dating is develop- ing a system for deal-
ing with flakes, insults, and disinterest. The techniques   you   just

concrete game plan for dealing with these situ-
ations, whereas the techniques below address "bad behav- ior" with more flexibility. You can use these techniques in any situation-phone game and beyond.







































What's great about "shred-her" texts is that they work in al- most every situation. They're just "shake-and-bake" respons- es that give you way to "shred" any objection, insult, or dis- interest. The first "shred-her" response turns a woman's bad behavior on it's head:


This template works wonders with girls who aren't giving you a response. If a woman is ignoring all your "key" texts, try tex- ting, "You know I love shy girls named Britney and here you are acting like one!" Usually-at the very least-this will get a




response.

You can continue to use this template throughout your inter- action. If a girl keeps breaking plans with you, try saying, "You know I love girls who play hard to get and here you are acting like one!" You're essentially taking something negative she's doing and spinning it into a positive.

Similarly, you accomplish this "spin" using the other "shred- her" text:


So, if she calls you rude, you might say, "If by rude you mean totally charming, then you're right!" Again, you want to save this response when a woman displays some form of bad be- havior.

An obvious caveat with "shread-her" responses is to avoid using them too much. When used sparingly, these responses are gold; when used too much, these responses can come off very, very immature.

So keep them up your sleeve whenever a woman is acting in a way that's not helping move your relationship forward. In such a situation, "shred" the barrier and move things forward!





































You're probably well aware that women love pop culture. They enjoy recognizing and recalling it-even with a man they don't know well. Thus, pop culture should be at the tip of your tongue-or, more appropriately, the tip of your thumb-when you're texting a woman. This is especially helpful for women who are "flaking."

To use this technique effectively, be sure to pick your pop cul- ture references wisely. Make sure it's something you know she'll understand. For example, many women do not know sports very well. So, while men often establish rapport with other men by discussing sports, women are not usually famil- iar with athletes or sports facts.

It's much better to discuss things like television, movies, and




music with women. If you were born in the early to mid-1980s, you probably grew up watching shows like "Saved by the Bell," "Full House," "Family Matters," and "Fresh Prince of Bel Air." Regardless if you're boy or girl, anyone in the United States who grew up during that time understands these shows. So, if talking to a girl in her late 20s/early 30s, bringing up one of those shows would almost certainly spark an emotion.

As powerful as pop culture can be, it's only as powerful as the girl you're interacting
with. In the example above, a girl who grew up outside the U.S. or born in the 1970s prob- ably would not be fa- miliar with any of those pop culture references.
It's important to consider a woman's cultural background and age range, and then adjust your references accordingly.

There are two ways to go about pop references: the sniper shot and the scattershot. The "sniper shot" pop culture refer- ence has a higher risk of not working, but when it does work it's gold! The "scattershot," on the other hand, is more topical and obvious, so it has a better chance of working but the ef- fect won't be as pronounced.

Here are case studies and explanations of each...




The Sniper Shot:

This text references the Holmes Rupert one-hit wonder song, "Escape." The song was popular in 1980, but many people are still familiar with it. If a girl gets the reference, often she'll find it very funny because it seems as if you're asking a question, which is taken from the chorus of the song. (It's a song about two people running away togeth- er.) Many girls, unfortunately, will just answer the ques- tion as if you were seriously wondering if they enjoy the beverage or actually like getting caught in the rain...

If you think a woman will "get it" (usually girls who like bars and rock music), then use this text on an unrespon- sive girl. Often this will spark such a strong emotion in girls who are ignoring you that they'll be compelled to re- spond, allowing you to initiate the key-lock sequence.

Pop Culture Scattershot:





This text references the notorious Kanye West meme that came out of his MTV Music Awards fiasco, in which he in- terrupted Taylor Swift's acceptance speech. Most likely you recognized the quote immediately, as would most women. When this "scandal" happened back in 2009, this text would have been extremely topical and funny. A woman would have immediately got the reference, and felt an emotion.

Keep in mind: almost any woman would "get" the refer- ence and, because of that, the amount of connection she feels would be less (hence why it's called a "scattershot"). In the "sniper shot," you make a more obscure reference so that a woman feels like "only you and her understand it" whereas with the scattershot, you simply throw out a well-known reference because it's funny.

Below is a case study that demonstrates how to transition a pop culture reference into a date. This case study happened back in the winter of 2010, when The New York Post had pub- lished a transcript of Tiger Woods' texts to his mistresses. Ev- eryone in New York had read the texts and were familiar with them, so it was a safe bet that this girl (who lived in New York and loved gossip) had read them, too.

Everything in this text conversation plays on elements from the Tiger Woods transcript. Even though this girl was unre- sponsive before, by referencing the Woods' texts, she got to enjoy herself as she played a role. This led to a date-probably




because she had so much fun joking around on text.

This opening text comes directly from Woods, who text- ed a girl "you are wrong I'm bone thugs in harmon" after his mistress wrote out a long explanation of how "sweet" he is (this, to me, seemed the funniest and most recogniz- able part of the transcript, so that became my first "key" text).

Her response indicates that she's "in" on the joke. She gets the text reference and is now playing along. Once a girl is playing along with a pop culture reference, keep it going for a few more texts (it strengthens the connection).

In the Woods' transcript, he wrote "send me something very naughty/go to the bathroom and take it." I use these texts to establish a sexual undertone. While I usually would NOT be this sexual with a girl I was trying to get on a date, since it's under the guise of pop culture, my texts can be a




little edgier (to spark an emotion).





Here I break out of the pop culture thread, and establish a connection (the turn of the key-lock sequence). I claim that her understanding of the Tiger Woods reference is a reason why we need "to make a lovechild." This also be- gins to handle logistics as I slowly introduce the idea of us hanging out together.

Her respond may have been sarcastic, but that doesn't matter. Even if a woman seems sarcastic, it's always best to "assume it's on" and push forward.


I make another humorous pop culture reference (again, a scattershot that she will likely understand). I do this to




further spark her emotions before pushing for the meet up...
Again, her response seems a bit sarcastic-as if she's not taking me seriously.

I go back to the Woods' pop culture reference, as that seemed to be more of an "emotional hot button" with her. I again make a very sexual remark, but with the pop culture reference to deflate the awkwardness. This sparks her emotions without making her feel pressured or de- graded.

I then follow that text up with yet another reference to Ti- ger Woods. Tiger's mistress wrote to him, "u are my first, last and only black guy! U should feel special". I again say something very edgy to spark an emotion (which I know will help in getting her to agree to a date). I don't recom-




mend saying things this edgy and racially charged unless you really know what you're doing.






Here I purposely misinterpret her sarcastic response. She had probably meant that she "finds it hard to believe" that I'm going to be her first, last, and only white lover," yet I pretend I thought she meant that she found it hard to believe that I was going to "ravish her." Purposeful misin- terpretation like this is an excellent technique for steering a text conversation in the right direction.

Moreover, notice how I successfully transitioned from "role playing" the Tiger Woods texts to directly saying that I am going to "ravish" her. Pop culture can get wom- en comfortable with the idea of sex, which puts you in a position to talk about sex openly and directly.


Even though this text is only 2 words, it says so much. "Haha" tells me that she's enjoying herself and emotion- ally sparked. "How?" tells me that she's open to the idea of sex (or, at the very least, meeting up). Regardless, it's




time to pull the trigger and handle logistics...

...which I do directly and shamelessly. I tell her to meet me for a date that night. I also am direct in describing the place, the time, and even what she should wear (although, it's obvious I'm joking).

This later led to a great date-all from a girl who wasn't even responding to my texts!







































First, understand that it might not be your fault. Some girls are just flaky. They flake on their friends, they flake on their fam- ily, and so they won't
give so much as a sec- ond thought about flaking on some guy they hardly know. So, as solid as your phone game  may  be,  it  will
only work some of the time. Here are some case studies that dismantle common excuses women make.




The "I'm Sick" Excuse:













The "I Have Work" Excuse:





The "I'm Tired" Excuse:

cuses. In a lot of ways, girls' excuses are like leaks in a ship. The more excuses you let in, the more the interaction will "sink." But if you can manage to plug the leaks, you may be able to salvage the interaction.

Getting a girl to stop her excuses doesn't mean you have to be a hard-ass or a crybaby. The secret to "flake busting" is just two simple elements: humor and persistence. Keep on trying while also keeping it funny. In fact, think of it like this:

When she says "no," you say, "yes"-but say yes with a smile.




As long as you keep "bumping" whatever objection she makes with playful banter, and she keeps responding, you will even- tually get her out. When using the examples above, girls often still try to make excuses, but as long as you just keep joking and countering their excuses, you win. Because think about it: There are only two things that can eventually happen:

1. She'll just completely ignore you, or
2. She'll meet up with you

And if you keep it playful and fun, why would she NOT want to meet up with you? As a side note: Playful persistence is not only the secret formula for busting through flaky excuses, but it's also the secret formula for all aspects of dating.












































pret or overreact to something you say on the phone. Even if she's completely wrong, she's still the one to decide if she's going to meet you or not. As such, it's always best to minimize your "margin of error."

That's why text is preferable because it gives you time to craft a response and it removes the "awkwardness" of talking on the phone. You should always use text unless you have a good reason to do otherwise. If a girl liked you initially, she'll agree to meet up with you regardless if you call or text her. But, by calling her, you could say something stupid or catch her at a bad time, and then ruin your chances to meet up with her.

However, there are some scenarios that require you to actual- ly make a phone call. For example, if a girl is completely ignor- ing your texts, and you don't feel like spending weeks crafting




humorous "key" texts, give her a call.

Another situation would be if a girl makes an excuse not to show up to a date. You could handle it via text (as explained in the preview section), but sometimes a call works better- especially if you call as soon as you get her excuse. Since you know she's close to her phone, there's a better chance she'll answer.

When you get her on the phone, never yell or act upset. Make sure you're smiling (even if you have to look at yourself in the mirror) as you call her-she'll hear it in your voice. When she an- swers, pretend like she's been your girlfriend for ten years. Joke around about her excuse, and keep giving her reasons why she should meet up with you. Be as comical as you can here while remaining persistent. Apply the same mindset as you would if you were dealing with a "low interest" girl over text. Remem- ber to:

1. Remain playful
2. Remain persistent

When you call, only hang up if she either dismisses you (e.g., "I gotta go") or she agrees to meet up with you. Otherwise, you should keep joking with her and trying to get her out. Let's ex- amine a case study transcript of applying this mindset. In this situation a girl had agreed to meet, but then wrote a text say- ing, "I'm really tired...don't think I'll be able to meet tonight..." immediately the guy calls her...




Sue! What iS thiS talk about being too tired
aha, no i really can't tonight. i had Such
a long day at Work	juSt Want to

ah, i

hear  that.

o home and paSS out.
totally knoW What

thoSe long dayS at Work can be like. but they  recently  invented  thiS  liquid  that
rgetS  rid  of  that  problem	t S  called

ed buhll	,

bull! it'S

ahaha
d

groSS!

  id	i Say	red	bull? i meant	a double	eSpreSSo	caramel	latte
love caramel latteS! but Seri-
rain	check?! What? i r'ain check?

raining!  beSideS,

t S	not	even

                                          you have to try a caramel latte from thiS little un derground coffee place	only	can ShoW it to you becauSe it S Such a
Secret	What? StarbuckS?
dhaha, actually i WaS going to Say
ahaha, i never had a caramel
latte  from	unkin	onutS	re

glood?, i'they'

they e-ven good?!

today,

m feeling pretty tired
too	ut let S meet for

an hour or So, grab a caramel latte	and See if We play nice
lright, Where'S  thiS 'un-
derground	unkin	onutS you Want to
meet




The principle of calling girls adheres to the same principle dis- cussed throughout this section: you are not going to convince a girl to meet you for a date with logic; you must appeal to her  emotions.  Really
consider that principle. Most guys think they can logically set up a time to meet a woman and she's obligated to show  up.  If  a  woman
"breaks" that logic, the guy acts as if she's breached some sort of social contract.

There are no "social contracts" in dating. There's only emo- tion. No matter what a girl said or did, if she's not emotionally interested when it's date time, then she's not going show up. Therefore, you shouldn't take anything seriously when you're setting up a date, and you should always be cognizant of how you're affecting her emotionally. As the old saying goes: if you can change her mood you can change her mind.










































First Date
O

Beyond

nce a girl makes a decision to meet you in-per- son, one-on-one, for date, you're "sorta dating" her. She's not your girlfriend, nor is she even a girl you're officially "seeing," but how you think of her should change. She's no longer a girl that
you're chasing, trying to get out on a date. Instead, she's moved one step closer to being a person in your life-hence, a girl "you're sorta dating."

As such, the way you communicate with her should change, also. This section will teach you the attractive and appropri- ate way to use your phone during this "phase." Regardless whether you're looking for something casual or serious, the




principles remain the same.

The most obvious difference during this phase is how much you add the "making connections" ingredient. When she was a girl you wanted to date, you relied more on the "sparking emotions" ingredient. You put more of an emphasis on get- ting her feeling good than anything else. And, while you still want to spark her emotions, now you also want to get her to feel good about you, too.

Therefore, you want to combine an equal amount of "spark- ing emotions" and "making connections" during this phase. Moreover, the amount of "handling logistics" you'll need to do decreases because it shouldn't be as difficult to get her out again (assuming she enjoyed herself on the first date). This gives you more opportunity to banter with her, allowing you to develop a sense of rapport over the phone.

In this phase, you can also call girls. Since you're no longer walking the "tightrope"
where one wrong move can end everything, you can  start  using  phone

ther solidify the connec- tion between you and  a woman. Your options really open up after the
first date. In fact, here's how "the rules" change in this sec-




ond phase:

1. Text conversations that don't end in plans to meet are fine now; however, don't have more than 2 text con- versations without proposing a second meet up

2. Send an equal mix of texts that spark emotions and create connections

3. Feel free to make plans to meet a few days in advance (there's a much lower chance that she's going to flake now)

These "revised rules" will make more sense as you read how to apply them in the various different situations you'll encoun- ter after the first date. Learning how to navigate this "transi- tional" phase-between the first date and dating-you will come to a much better understanding of how phone game works.





































If you've ever been in this situation-especially with a girl you barely know-you're probably aware that the opening min- utes of a date can be awkward. Sometimes a girl doesn't rec- ognize you. Or, if she does, she might greet you as if you're about to sit down for a job interview. You certainly don't want to find yourself in either of these situations.

And that's where using your phone comes in handy. If you ar- rive to the venue before her (which you should), then you can set the tone for the evening. Probably you want the tone of your first date to be light, fun, playful, and flirty. You can set that tone by sending a "confirmation" text that sparks her emotions. Here are some examples:






These case studies demonstrate how to set yourself up for an awesome date, before you even say hello. Sending quirky texts like this will make her feel comfortable with you because she'll see you're good humored and aren't taking things too seriously.

Also, it immediately creates material to riff on when she shows up. This eliminates the awkward small talk most people strug- gle through during the first few minutes of a date. Rather than setting a boring tone like, "Did you find it okay?" or "Wow, it's




chilly out!" you can immediately joke around with her, saying something like, "You're like 14 seconds too late...the ice sculp- ture just melted...I wish you'd seen it...it was marvelous."

Most women will laugh and play along. Sometimes it even confuses them, and they ask, "Wait, did you really bring an ice sculpture?" This is actually a great response because you can laugh, and say, "Haha...I'll tell you over a drink!" This keeps her guessing and sends mixed signals-the perfect way to be- gin an enjoyable first date!

























































Although, only you know how well the date went. If you had a blast, and really connected with her, you can be a bit more flirty and forward on text. If, however, the date was brief or she seemed a bit standoffish, you may want to restart the ini- tial text sequence all over, beginning with a radar text.

In either case, after your first date, it's okay to have longer text interactions. Now that you've met in person, she knows you're for real and not some coward hiding behind his phone. You can send more texts, and you can send those texts over a




series of days rather than just the day you want to meet her.

In a lot of ways, this is when phone game begins because you now have a chance to have text conversations. For your pur- poses, a "text conversation" is a series of two or more back- and-fourth texts. Unlike a key-lock sequence, there's no pres- sure to handle logistics or push for a meet up when having text conversations. You should, however, keep the two other phone game ingredients in mind: spark her emotions and make connections.

Don't, therefore, start talking about things like the weather or some other boring topic just to keep a dialogue going. As you write out each text, ask yourself: does it spark an emotion or make a connection? If you honestly don't feel it does, revise it.

Here's a case study of a post-first date text interaction that demonstrates the perfect balance of these two ingredients:





When you text her the next day, reigniting the spark can be as easy as playfully referencing something that hap- pened on your date. On this date, we'd played a game of pool where we bantered over who was going to win. My cocky text was appropriate in this scenario considering




the tone of the date.





She plays along and also makes a cocky joke about how good she looks. Her reference to "Father's Day" shows she's trying to also make a connection.





I playfully misinterpret her cocky remark and reference to Father's Day as her saying she wants to "mother" my chil- dren. Keep in mind, this "misinterpretation" doesn't even really make sense, yet it sparks an emotion AND makes a connection. The ingredients of phone game are more im- portant than being perfectly logical.






She's getting emotional...

I reference our second date while also continuing to spark her emotions and remind her of our connection.

After her text, I go silent. This was a solid text conversa- tion and I don't want it to drag on. I can now either follow up the next day or the day after and set up our next date easily.

If you're still having trouble thinking up good emotional and/ or connecting texts, you will learn more about how to "ban- ter" in the upcoming sections. Or, if you want to send off a few texts right now, use the examples provided. Once you've had a few text conversations, be sure to set up a second date.







































Making a connection is just as important as sparking an emo- tion at this point. You want to "remind" her of what a good time she had on the first date just as much as you want to joke around and banter with her. Whenever you're ready to pro- pose the date, go for it! You can now set up dates a few days in advance.

In terms of timing, you could propose a second date during your first text conversation, or even after a few text conver- sations. You'll probably find though that the "sweet spot" for securing a seamless second date is after two text conversa- tions.

So, for example, if you went out with a girl on Monday, you




might have one text conversation on Tuesday and another on Thursday. During that second Thursday conversation, you'd set up a date for Sunday evening.

As a general rule, after you set up the second date, try to only have one more text conversation in between-if any at all. While the second date is much more "secure" you still don't want to put the interaction at risk by having needless conver- sations. There's a slight possibility you might say something she'll deem weird or creepy, and that could hurt your chances with her.

An obvious exception to this rule would be if she texts you. In that case, it's perfectly fine to have a text conversation with her, regardless whether you set up the second date. The case study below further demonstrates how to set up the second date:

Texting her the next day, I immediately reference the last joke that we shared (a group of crazy drunks outside a bar). This text both re-sparks the fun emotions while re- establishing the connection we shared the night before.

























After our little banter, she goes silent. I don't overreact or continue to send her texts. A text conversation happens over a series of days-not all at once-so this is no big deal.

(A few days later)


I resume by creating a connection, saying I want to hear her story. I then begin to add the "handle logistics" ingre- dient and push for a meet up.























I continue to strengthen our connection by saying "an- other amazing Sunday," which presupposes that our last date was amazing. I then say that "I have the best idea" but don't elaborate on it, creating some anticipation (an "extra" ingredient you will learn about in an upcoming section).






Getting the second date is fairly simple as long as you keep these fundamentals in mind. Just remember to balance emo- tion and connection while proposing the second meet up soon after. If you have trouble bantering with women, you will learn more about that in the upcoming sections. First though, the next section is going to walk you through exactly how to fol- low-up with a girl after sleeping with her for the first time.





































Usually if you can figure out how to get her in bed, you can fig- ure out how to keep her around as your girlfriend, a girl you're "seeing," or even as a "fuck buddy." Although, you still want to apply proper phone game. This is especially true if you find yourself asking: How am I going to transition this into a rela- tionship?

Once you sleep with a girl, lots of thoughts are swirling through her head. Some of those thoughts are good, but some are not so good. She probably feels excited, satisfied, a bit guilty, somewhat insecure, and all the other feelings girls usually ex- perience after sex. Most of all, she's probably wondering how your behavior is going to change.

Once you have sex with a girl, she knows much of the "game"




is over. Most guys act charming up until they have sex, then they transform into introverts who are no longer very inter- ested after sex. If you have any girl friends, you've probably heard their woes about such guys.

And most likely the girl you just had sex with probably has had (or at least has heard about) a similar experience. Even if you are interested in her, and you are showing it, she might still act cold or closed-off from you. Past events-or even stories she's heard about other guys-could make her suspicious of you, even if you did nothing to warrant that suspicion.

As such, whenever you sleep with a girl for the first time, you should expect some skepticism. To allay her fears, it's very im- portant you keep this rule in mind:

Stay in contact with her the next day.

Most guys try to "play it cool" and not contact a girl they slept with for a few days. This is completely wrong. She's made a major investment in you, so you don't need to keep "gaming" her. Instead, you need to show her that your feelings haven't changed since sex.

That's why it's crucial you make some time with her the next day. You may find it's best to keep the next-day meet up short- but sweet. A great way to do this is telling her that you have some stuff to do later, but you'd really like to grab dinner or coffee.






This "short date" accomplishes a lot of things. It gives you a chance to enjoy her company-without sex. This is an excel- lent way to build trust with her. Since you're obviously not try- ing to have sex after the date, she'll see that you actually want to see her again, even if it's not for sex. This is a key element when developing a relationship.

It's not always that easy, however. Sometimes girls will ac- tively avoid you the next day, not returning texts or calls. And when that happens, this is one case where it's okay to come across a bit "needy." Keep in mind: you already had sex with her. So there's nothing "needy" about following up with a girl you've already slept with.

Unfortunately, a brutal truth of dating is this: if she won't meet up with you the day after sex, she's probably never going to meet up with you again. Therefore, if you want any sort of a relationship with this girl, it's very important to get in contact with her the next day. Don't try to "play it cool." Unless she gives you a valid reason for not being able to talk to you the next day, do whatever you can to contact her and meet up with her.

Once she sees that you're normal after sex, and that the charm you exerted to get her in the sack was genuine, getting into a relationship with her will be simple. Remember: relationships after sex are based on rapport and connection, not attraction and "game."

























































win situation!

Moreover, giving a "couple compliment" establishes a sense of connection and "us-ness" between you and a girl. She'll feel more comfortable around you as well as flattered. When done at the right time, these sorts of compliments electrify the mo- ment and create a great dynamic. Here are some examples:







































Notice how these compliments balance flattery and cockiness. If you just said, "I'm so good looking, my kids are going to look like little Zoolanders!" then you'd sound like an arrogant ass- hole. If, however, you said, "You're so good looking, your kids are going to look like models!" then you'd sound like an ass- kisser. But, by combining the two compliments into one, and talking about your "future children," you create an entirely new compliment that's attractive.

While you don't need to give a compliment as a couple every time you want to say something nice, keep it in mind. By re- phrasing some of your compliments as "couple compliments" you'll find your flattery is more attractive and creates more of a shared connection. Here's a case study that demonstrates




this concept in a unique way.

Here I jokingly bring up how this girl is a "playerette" be- cause whenever we go out she gets so much male atten- tion. Even though this is usually considered a "positive" thing, I tease her about it and say it's why we can never "seriously date."









Her three-text reply indicates that she was affected by my tease. While it seemed like just "good fun," underneath the joking and teasing she was getting upset. To remedy this, I reach for a compliment...





Rather than say she's "perfect" or "perfect for me," I turn it into a playful compliment, saying "we'd be too perfect for one another." I then further add to the humor by add- ing that we'd "ruin ourselves" for every other person we'd ever date. The "couple compliment" here is intended to reassure her that we would be good together after all.

She obviously responds positively to this compliment, questioning why we'd ever break up.












I then	future chil-
dren...which we would name after rappers. This conversa- tion goes on to demonstrate how to keep bantering with a woman that you're sorta dating. Notice the emotional humor mixed with the connection...








































The answer is simple: get her to invest in you.

Examples of "investment" are any time a woman asks you a question, gets physical with you (kissing and beyond), or spends money on you. Even the time a woman spends with you is an investment.

When it comes to phone game, a few simple texts can be all you need to get a woman investing. You do this by baiting her to ask you questions. If a woman's asking you questions, she's beginning to chase you. Even if she doesn't consciously recog- nize it, unconsciously she'll rationalize that since she's chasing you, she must like you. (If it sounds like a mind-trick, that's be- cause it is.)






Speaking in statements is one way to do this, but another way is through "teasers." A "teaser" is simply something you say that makes a woman want to know more. So, when you text a woman, "I'll tell you later," you've baited her to ask you ques- tions. She'll keep reminding you and begging, "Tell me!" That's investment!

Some other teasers for investment are:

Now none of those statements even have to be true, nor do you ever have to explain them. Often it's actually better if you don't. The purpose of the "teasers" is to get a woman invest- ing. If she's asking or bugging you, she's investing!

The best teasers, however, will be totally unique to the woman you're interacting with. Say, for example, you're texting a girl who wants to start a fashion blog. You might say, "Oh, I actu-




ally just thought of an awesome name for your blog." When she asks what it is, you just say, "Hmm...I'll tell you later." Teasers like that are even more potent because it has such emotional relevance to the woman.

Finally, make sure you don't overuse teasers. You only need one-maybe two, tops-teasers to get an investment from a woman. If you use any more than two teasers, it comes off fake and try-hard. Here's a case study that demonstrates an appropriate use of a teaser:







































Therefore, it's crucial that you always remember the golden rule of attractive humor:

The subtext is more important than the joke.

That means the subtext of the joke-or what the joke im- plies-is more important than how funny it is. This will guide all of your humor when using the phone. Take, as an example, these two jokes:

Joke A: What's the difference between a Cadillac and a dead baby? I don't have a Cadillac in my garage.

Joke B: I was going to wear a button down shirt out to-




night, but I decided not to because I don't want you star- ing at my cleavage all night.

Regardless if you find these jokes funny or not, there are two very different subtexts in each joke. The subtext of joke A is that you find dead babies funny. The subtext of joke B is that you understand how men and women interact. In one joke, you show your apathy and insensitiveness, whereas in the other joke you demonstrate that you understand gender rela- tions and social subtleties.

Most guys find dead baby jokes funny because it's "cool" to be apathetic and insensitive around other guys-that's the es- sence of "being tough." Women don't find such qualities en- dearing, however. Most women find insensitive men creepy and weird. (Hence why if you text a woman a dead baby joke, it'll usually make her think you're disgusting...and possibly alert the police.)

Keep subtext in mind whenever you're using humor over text or the phone. Indeed, subtext is the most important aspect of humor-it's what women mean when they say they love  a man who can make them laugh. They're really saying they love a man who can make them laugh using the appropriate subtexts.

This is what separates the unattractive clown from the attrac- tive funny guy. Below is a case study and explanation of hu- mor and subtext:




I turn her "bikini" text around. This girl was probably ex- pecting me to beg for a picture or to react like a cartoon character saying something like, "HOT!" Rather than act predictable, I use the opportunity for humor-and humor with a flirty subtext.



She plays along, accepting the subtext. By taking on the role of "the guy," we've established a humorous and flirty subtext. This is the essence of attractive humor.

I play the joke to its conclusion, accusing her of "only think- ing about cleavage" and saying "I have feelings too." This




not only gets her laughing, it also demonstrates to her that I "understand" ogling women is unattractive. Making it into a joke shows her that I "get it," and understand look- ing at people like slabs of meat is creepy. Attunement to these sorts of "social cues" is the definition of charisma.












































happy to hear from you.

Therefore, you can call women after the first date if you'd like. If, however, you prefer only texting women, that is perfectly fine, too. Indeed, until you're actually in a relationship with a girl, you can use text for all your phone game. But you may be the type of guy who enjoys talking on the phone. If so, just keep some simple guidelines in mind when you're calling girls that you're "sorta dating."

First, don't immediately call her after the date. Begin by send- ing her a text the next day. If you get a decent response (a text that conveys emotion or interest), then you can rest as- sured that she enjoyed herself on the date. Once you get this "confirmation," feel free to call her whenever-even later that evening.









When you do call, you may want to have a story in mind. I know it might sound a bit weird, but after exchanging hellos, a story or social commentary can help carry the conversation for the first minute or so. It could be as simple as something that happened to you that day or something interesting from the news. A quick and punchy anecdote usually greases the wheels for a good conversation. Here's a case study transcript:

"Oh my God-I just had to call you! I just had the creepiest encounter with this crazy homeless guy! Get this..."
(Go into brief story about a funny thing that happened that day involving a crazy homeless guy)

When you make a call, often it also helps if you're "distract- ed." In other words, try calling when you're out doing things. It may seem counter-intuitive, but the less focused you are on the call the better. Instead of sitting in front of the phone, fretting over the outcome, calling while you're out keeps the conversation light, spontaneous, and fun.

Finally, if you get her voicemail, do not take it as an opportu- nity to deliver a soliloquy. If you project a weird vibe on the voicemail, not only will she not call you back, she might even play your voicemail for the enjoyment of her friends. Avoid the situation altogether and keep it simple. Just deliver the facts: a hello, your name, and an invitation to return your call.









































Relationship

 few dates with a woman, and you feel to really get to know her, you're dating ven't changed your Facebook status, never discussed it with her, for all you're
come more than just "some girl."


ple would say she's your "girlfriend."
Though, these days it's socially acceptable to have relation- ships with a few girls so long as you don't lie to them. But, regardless if she's your girlfriend or just a girl you like spend- ing time with, the way you text her during this phase doesn't change.




The main phone game ingredient now becomes making con- nections. In this phase, however, you can start adding those "toppings" alluded to in the introduction. At this point, you've made several "pizzas" with this girl, which means you've run standard phone game a number of times. You've sparked her emotions. You made connections. You handled logistics. That's how you got to this point in your relationship.

By now traditional "pizza" may be getting...a bit boring. In this section, you'll learn how to sprinkle on more humor, ex- tend your bantering, and even how to get her sexually aroused with "sexting." You'll learn how to get her to send you NSFW ("not safe for work") pictures while also getting her to feel genuinely special.

Even though a relationship is created during moments you spend together, proper phone game can solidify and electri- fy those moments. Moreover, these "extra ingredients" re- inforce the core concepts of sparking emotions, making con- nections, and handling logistics (so keep reading even if you're not currently dating any women).

Learning to create a relationship will put you on the road to communication mastery. There is no better way to learn about women, and how to communicate with them, than by doing it on a day-to-day basis with someone you have feelings for.





































In a relationship, however, calling becomes crucial. Often just texting will not cut it
with a girl you're in a re- lationship with. In fact, often girls will call you-

the calls and defer to text. As the relationship becomes more personal
and intimate, so does the way you communicate.

As such, get excited to have phone conversations with your girl. As a guy, you probably don't particularly enjoy spending 45 minutes yapping on the phone-but your girl does. Part of being in a relationship is give-and-take. If you do things that




make her happy, she'll return the favor-often in very enjoy- able ways.

In terms of advice, there's no structure to navigating phone conversations at this point. You should talk on the phone ex- actly as if you were talking to her on a dinner date. If you've gotten this far in the relationship, you obviously know how to talk to her.

Still, the principles in this section can improve your phone con- versations, even though they're designed for text. So, with that in mind, read on.






























n any relationship, it's important to always keep things fun. There's an old marriage proverb that states, "Treat your wife as if she were your girlfriend." For you, treat the girl you're dating as if she were a girl you were seducing. Too many guys let their relationships go stale because they let
the fun, flirting, and playfulness die out.

Don't neglect phone game when you're in a relationship with a woman! Keep things fun and exciting for her by following the techniques below...







































Anytime you're "shifting gears" and transitioning into more flirty dialogue, it's always best to make it seem as if it were her idea. A classic strategy for this is misinterpretation-where you "misinterpret" something a girl says as coming onto to you or as flirty. Likewise, you can accomplish the same effect over text using typos, mistakes, and even phone malfunctions.

Because texting is so informal, it lends itself to sloppiness. Words get misspelled, grammar gets garbled, and meaning becomes muddled...which creates great humor and flirting opportunities. You can use those typos and mistakes to tease a woman and, more importantly, transition into a flirty or sex- ual topic.

A simple example would be something like:






























While this technique is extremely powerful, it can also be easi- ly misapplied. Teasing her about mistakes isn't meant to come off mean or condescending. Moreover, don't start acting like a surly twelve year old who adds, "That's what she said!" after every comment.

In fact, sometimes the best misinterpretations compliment a woman. If you look closely, even the most trivial typo can be- come an inside joke. As you know, inside jokes further solidify your connection. The case study below exemplifies how a very simple typo can bring two people closer:




Don't just limit your misinterpretations to typos either. You can use pocket dials, texts sent to the wrong person, and even phone malfunctions to create humor. Here's a case study that




demonstrates that:









































up!" and one that read "Doh!" would you be able to tell which text came from Homer? If you've ever watched an episode of the Simpsons, you'd certainly know that Homer would write "Doh!"-it's his trademark line!

Now you don't need to act like a cartoon character, or even have trademark lines, but you should have an idiosyncratic way of communicating that's congruent to your personality. It can be as a simple as what you call your girl. For example, some examples:

• "Missing you lady!"
• "Thinking of you love..."
• "What you up to bb?"




This technique works even better if you have a nickname for her. By using your nickname, you breath life into every text you send. Rather than just looking at a phone screen with a generic message, a woman gets a sense of you every time she reads your texts. This strengthens your connection, which builds your relationship.

Some other quick examples are:

• Rather than write "Haha" or "lol" you write "Hardy- harharhar"
• Try sometimes talking in a character, like a caveman, "Me want to see Annie tonite"
• Creatively spell words
• Even have a "trademark" way of saying hello, like "Holler!"

If you need further clarification of this concept (or just want to see a great application of it), check out a few episodes of the sitcom How I Met Your Mother. The character Barney Stin- son has a whole lexicon of trademark phrases he says. A text that read "Suit up!" or "Leg-end-ary!" could only have come from Barney.





































It's your job to keep things passionate. If you want an exciting relationship with great sex and a loyal partner, then you have to work at it. Do not leave it up to your girl to spice things up. If she does, great; but don't count on it.

That's why it's your job to recognize patterns, and break them. If, for example, you're texting a woman "sweet dreams" ev- ery night before she goes to sleep, stop doing that for a few nights. Instead you should text her at different times of the day, like after breakfast or when she finishes work. Remem- ber:


Don't fall into complacency-that is the cancer of rela- tionships!




Also, have fun mixing up the patterns. You're essentially al- ways "remixing" your relationship to keep it fresh. To do this, there's not any specific text or technique other than remain- ing aware of the "cancerous pattern." If you catch yourself falling into a pattern, simply do something unexpected.

Maybe it's giving a genuine compliment. Maybe it's sparking some playful banter, beginning by teasing her about some- thing. Maybe it's just going silent when she expects a response. But, ultimately, it's your job to keep things a bit unpredictable so that she enjoys the gift of feeling emotional and invested in your relationship.

You can even notice patterns on a "micro" level, as patterns sometimes form in single text conversations. The case study below demonstrates this. Notice how as soon as a "pattern" begins and the girl starts getting "comfortable" with the thread of "being ambitious" I quickly turn it around, effective- ly breaking the conversational pattern.





















No matter when you notice a pattern, try and break it. It may be an ongoing thread in a conversation or an ongoing theme over several conversations. You don't have to abandon the pattern altogether, but you should temporarily break it just to reignite her emotions and keep things unpredictable.

























































two about sexting.

The first and most important rule of sexting states:

Sexting is more about connection than it is about spark- ing emotions or saying sexual things.

This may sound strange-especially considering that sex is very emotional. But keep in mind: sexting isn't sex. It's based on sex, but it's more about the feelings of connection that




come with sex. That's probably why so many women enjoy sexting: it makes them feel more comfortable with their man.

As such, you should make sure your sexts emphasize you and her. It's not just about you. It's not just about her. It's about the two of you together, exploring your sexual relationship over text. And like a good sexual relationship, sexting should happen organically. You shouldn't force it or even suggest it. In fact, the second rule of sexting dictates:

Let sexting unfold naturally-never directly reference it.

Obviously this means you should never ask something like, "Feel like sexting?" Instead, an "organic" transition into sex- ting happens through word association.

Notice how this text exchange begins completely nonsex- ual. In fact, it's a textbook example of a "key" text.






The bantering back and forth gets her in a flirty mood.





Here she makes a very subtle sexual reference. This girl was very sexually open and really enjoyed dirty talk. When she said "do something magical to me," I assume it's a sexual innuendo.








We continue the bantering, mixing the "coffee joke" with sexual talk. This is the essence of word association: one topic (coffee) symbolizes another topic (sex).




Here I further mix the word play and use a very explicit sexual word ("pussy"). I've now successfully transitioned into a sexting conversation.

She confirms her interest in the topic by saying it's "kinda hot." We then went on and exchanged several dirty and sexual texts (which are omitted from this case study for privacy reasons).







































And, as any guy who has enjoyed a threesome will tell you, the way to get a girl to say yes is by making it sound fun for her. If you just make having a threesome seem like a fun thing that you want to do, she'll only say yes if she's absolutely in- fatuated with you. If, on the other hand, you present the idea of a threesome as an experience that she'll enjoy, it becomes much more attractive to her.

Now, obviously, only try this with girls who are very open about their sexuality. If she's sexually adventurous, try bring- ing threesomes up over text. If, however, she's shy and con- servative, then avoid bring up threesomes (and definitely not on text!). Pushing a girl who isn't on board with the idea will only turn her off and weaken the connection you have.




But with sexually open girls, threesomes can actually improve your connection. In fact, making connections is the ingredient you need to apply liberally to make a threesome work. Con- stantly remind her how fun it will be for you, how it'll bring you closer as a couple, and how you're going to enjoy another girl together. Connect over your adventurousness, sexual open- ness, and "joint seductive power."

You can even sprinkle some humorous banter on top, joking that you're going to be the new Batman and Robin of seduc- ing women. Here's a case study that demonstrates how this is done:









In the case study above, it's obvious this girl is very sexual- ly open. Her comment about "having a fun night" with an- other girl shows that she's not jealous or envious of other girls. Moreover, her response to the initial text shows that she's not even slightly offended or put off by the idea of a threesome. In fact, the only "problem" is that she's out of town.

When you apply this technique, you should know after the first text whether or not a woman is game for a threesome. Even if she seems like she is, remember that text is only the first stage of getting a threesome. You still have to discuss it with her in person and then find and seduce another girl. Still, using text to bring up the topic is a great first step.





































Now, you probably know a guy who has a collection of na- ked pictures from women he just met. That, however, is the exception-not the rule. You will certainly meet some sexu- ally open women, who enjoy sending naked pictures-maybe even more than you enjoy receiving them! And, if you meet a girl like this, go for it!

Beware though: identifying these types of girls is difficult. And, since the only way to "identify them" is by asking her to send naked photos, you're really going "all in." Should she not end up being a girl who likes sending naked pics, you may disgust her. This very well may prevent you from ever seeing her- which is the entire purpose of phone game!

Even when you ask a woman you're in relationship with for




dirty pics, there's still a chance you could damage the connec- tion she feels with you. Many women find these requests of- fensive. Not only that, they may think you want the pictures for future blackmail purposes. Surely every girl has heard a horror story about a friend of hers who sent some naked pho- tos and had it come back to haunt them.

So, again, proceed with caution. When bringing up the subject of naked pictures, you may want to start small. For example, if she has a sexy tattoo or pair of lingerie you love seeing her in, ask her to send a picture of that first. For example:






If you get a favorable response (like a picture), then up the ante:




Often it's good to be vague about her sending you a naked picture. By saying "send me a not work appropriate pic," you still have some deniability. If she gets offended or upset, you can pretend you didn't mean anything vulgar. If, on the other hand, she complies with this request, you can get more ex- plicit and specific about the types of pictures you want her to send.

Again, receiving naked pictures can be fun-especially as a way to entertain yourself when you're trying to get through a boring day at work. However, don't lose sight of the ultimate goal of phone game: having great face-to-face interactions. Therefore, if you really want some naked pictures, ease into the request. Don't simple text, "SEND NAKED PIX PLS" unless you seriously want to jeopardize your future relationship with a woman!




























































How you phrase your compliment communicates more than just how you feel. It also implies how you view yourself, wom- en, relationships, etc. You may have just gotten into a relation- ship with your "dream girl," and everything may seem per- fect, but if you proclaim that she's the most beautiful girl in the world and you'd do anything for her, it could damage your relationship.

Compliments sometimes work against you because they can




make you appear lame or pathetic. She may very well be the most beautiful girl you've ever dated, but telling her that is like going to buy a house and saying to the broker, "This is the only house I ever want to live in. I will pay anything for it." In both situations, you've admitted you are powerless.

If you can't live without someone or something, you're pa- thetic. It means you have no life outside that person or thing. The chase is over. You've shown your hand, and now you have to take whatever you can get. And it all happened because of how you phrased what you said. If you'd just been a bit more cognizant of what you were saying, you could have retained your power while showing interest.

Since it's your words that do the talking, then, when compli- menting a woman, be careful with words and phrases like:
• Beautiful
• Perfect
• Incredible
• Best ever
• Can't live without you

Unless you've been in a relationship with a woman for a very, very long time, avoid telling her how beautiful, perfect, or in- credible she is. Don't say she's the best and especially don't tell her that you can't live without her. Try to use more playful words when complimenting a woman, such as:
• Cute
• Awesome




• Badass
• Adorable
• Hotty

Words like this convey fun. Most women prefer hearing that they're "cute" rather than "beautiful" because it's less formal and awkward. Telling a woman she's beautiful may be appro- priate after you've been dating her for a while, but say it to a girl you're still flirting with and you're going to come off weird and awkward. This isn't a movie. This isn't the 1800's. Don't use formal words.

Be genuine with your compliments, but also remain aware of the subtext of what you're saying. The case study below dem- onstrates the appropriate way to compliment a woman you're dating:





Inside joke: this girl liked to complain about my bed. It be- came a fun bantering topic between us, as I'd often joke about the "awesomeness" of my bed while she'd com- plain about it. I bring up this joke as a way to compliment her-mixing fun and genuineness.











Her saying she "kinda misses it too" is actually a compli- ment. She usually complains about how much she hates it.


I now move into a more "sexualized" subtext: us cuddling after sex. (Inside joke: this girl hated cuddling, so I nick- named her the "non-cuddler")





I keep the sexual subtext boiling, saying I miss "how she looks in my tshirts."

The genuine and attractive compliments turn her on- much better than simply "flattering her" with sweet words.





































Indeed, this book has come full circle. You fully understand how to use your phone in any attractive. Yet, you must al- ways remember that the
only reason you learned phone game was to im- prove your face-to-face interactions.

Only when a girl is actual- ly in front of you can you
progress your relationship. Even if you're texting your wife, you should always remember to handle logistics and push for in-person dates, activities, and meet ups. The phone can make you seem more attractive, but it's only a bridge to escalating your interactions. If you don't actually escalate those interac-




tions-even long-term relationships-then you're simply a guy pushing buttons. That applies both figuratively and liter- ally.

Thus, this section of phone game concludes with the same ca- veat you learned throughout this book: the meet up is all that matters. Don't glorify phone game anymore than it needs to be glorified. It's just a means to an end...and a "happy end- ing" at that!









































 	



ou absolutely do NOT have to respond to every call or text from a woman. This is especially true when a wom- an does something that gets you upset or angry. For ex-
ample, if you had plans with a woman and she texted you 15 minutes before you were supposed to meet and said, "Not gonna make it" then you are not obligated to text her back. If you want to try an anti-flaking technique, that's fine-but you




don't owe any response to bad behavior.

Though, be aware of the pitfalls of not responding-especial- ly when you don't know a girl well. Often guys think they're being crafty by not responding to women's texts. They usu- ally believe that, by not responding, they're making a woman want them more. They're not. Probably the biggest factor in early-stage relationships is availability. That means being avail- able to text, talk, and meet up is crucial with a girl you just met.

If you ignore women early on or purposely take a long time to respond, they may misinterpret that as disinterest or immatu- rity. And if she's even somewhat cute, you can be sure there are plenty of other guys who are also texting and calling her. Most likely, she'll just defer to a guy who's sparking her emo- tions and making connections rather than a guy who's pre- tending to act coy by not responding.

While you don't need to respond the instant you get a text from a woman, you should respond within a reasonable amount of time. If you're uncertain as to what's a reasonable amount of time, apply the "friend barometer," which states:

If one of your best friends texted you, how long would you wait to respond?

Likely you'd respond within a few hours (at the very latest). Do the same with women you're trying to get dates with. Lat- er on, however, you don't need to worry about responding as




quickly. If you've established a good connection with a wom- an, then it's no longer a matter of availability. She knows you like her, and she likes you. If you don't respond to her text, she won't think that you lost interest nor will she start texting other guys.

If you do this too much, however, she will think you lost inter- est and she may even start texting other guys. Therefore, be courteous when you respond to a woman. When you're in a relationship with a woman, not responding once or twice can be a good pattern breaker; not responding more than that can be a good relationship ender. So, to sum it up:

• Bad behavior requires no response
• Girls you just met require a fast response (remember: availability)
• Girls you know well require you use your discretion (but don't act rude)




hile it's recommend you do, it's not necessary-and in some situations it's actually better that you don't. Though, whether you use proper punctuation or




not, it should be a conscious choice and not something you just do out of habit or laziness. Consider the vibe you want to give off:

• Do you want to come off educated and careful, or
• Do you want to come off playful and whimsical?

You can also use punctuation (or lack there of) for effect. As you already read in the examples, sometimes texts should be sent with intentional typos and grammatical mistakes. Sometimes you want to appear rushed, careless, or playful (as when a girl asks "who is this?"). In those instances a formal response- with perfect grammar and spelling-can make you seem stilt- ed or that you care too much.

So the choice is really yours. But keep the pros and cons of punctuation in mind when you have your phone in hand.





  t's all about moderation. Smiley faces and emoticons make you seem gay if used too much, but when used sparingly,  add fun and playfulness to your texts. Of course, if you nev- er used a smiley face or emoticon, you'd be fine. And this is es- pecially true if it's incongruent with your personality or if you
just feel emasculated typing them out.






In addition to using them sparingly, you should also try to add some originality to your smiley faces and emoticons. Simply using a standard face like :-) is boring (which defeats the pur- pose of using them in the first place). Adding a symbol or char- acter that makes your faces look funnier can be very helpful- even something as simple as (:-]

In the end, don't overthink it. If you feel like adding a smiley face or emoticon will add a little flavor or playfulness to your text, go for it. Just don't have more than one per text. Also, don't send more than two in an entire text conversation (un- less it's a girl you're in a relationship with).

too much, they can make you seem immature-and even a little gay.

The "text-speak" language of LOLs and WTFs is usually asso- ciated with adolescents. If you read a text riddled with text- speak abbreviations, you'd probably assume you were deal-




ing with a teenager. And you definitely don't want to come off like a teenager! Therefore, draw a very firm line when it comes to text-speak.

Do not habitually write "LOL" after every witty or cute com- ment. More importantly, do not "LOL after your own jokes or witticisms. In fact, the best way to use text-speak is ironically. Using an LOL or a WTF at an unexpected time can spark an emotion. For example:




In the above example, the girl is probably expecting a text that's upset or angry. Throwing out an LOL in this situation  is ironic, because you obviously are not LOLing. But the ironic response sends mixed signals and makes her wonder: what's going on in his head? Even if she doesn't meet up for the date, she's still going to be thinking, "Why did he 'LOL' when I broke our plans?"








chat service, you're one of many people she can converse with.
There's more of an emphasis on chatting than there is on you.

Conversely, when you're texting with a girl, she's only texting you. Very few people use text like an IM service to casually chat with a number of people throughout their day.

If you understand this key difference, you can understand how to use these chat services attractively. If you choose to use in- stant messaging services, apply more banter and humor. But the three ingredients of text no longer apply (because you're not using text). You can still use the key-lock sequence-how- ever, use it over a longer period of time. You might spend 10 back-and-forth messages sparking an emotion, and then 10 more creating a connection.

Though, if possible avoid using these IM services for flirting and setting up dates. Since they're so impersonal, girls often won't take you very serious if you flirt with them on IM. Even if




they flirt back, it's just "fun" to them. You have a much better shot of getting a girl out using your phone.

Once you're comfortable with a girl, and have gone on a few dates with her, then using these services is fine. However, even then, make sure to continue to use your phone. If your relationship becomes a series of IM conversations then that's not much of a relationship at all, is it? You have phone game. So use it the way it was intended: with your phone.



• Funny, bizarre, or interesting things you see as you go about your day
• Delicious food
• Funny-looking animals

Some great pictures to create connections are:

• A picture that reinforces an inside joke you shared
• A picture of the place you met or somewhere special to your relationship
• Something she told you she liked




• Something you told her that you liked

Absolutely avoid any pictures that could be construed as brag- ging. Obviously this includes flattering self-portraits or pic- tures that "name drop" (e.g., pictures that show you at an ex- clusive club, etc.). Also, beware of subtlety bragging pictures. Ask yourself before sending the picture: is the purpose of me sending this to look cool? If you're honest with yourself, and you answer yes, don't send it.

Also, be careful with sending pictures to women you don't know well. Sometimes women have older phones that don't accept picture files. Sometimes guys freak out and think their texts are being ignored, when in actuality the girl never even received them.

Be sure that a woman has a phone that can accept pictures and that she's cool with you sending her pics before you go ahead and do it. This can be as simple as texting:






Finally, there may come a time when a woman asks you to text a serious picture of yourself. Usually these requests come




from girls you meet on online dating sites or girls who don't remember what you looked like. In these cases, play it cool. Send a chill photo of yourself where it's obvious you're not trying too hard.

Pictures you take while driving or doing something are ideal. Even a picture of you working at your computer is fine. Remem- ber: it's not how you look in the picture that's attractive-it's how you seem that's attractive.

f politicians taught us anything, they taught us that sending naked pictures can come back to bite us in the ass! There- fore, be very cautious with sending naked pictures over text.

However, it would be hypocritical for you to ask a woman for naked pictures without supplying your own. If you're a sexual- ly open person, and feel comfortable sending naked pictures, then go ahead. But be prepared for that picture to get sent around to other people, posted on websites, or even forward- ed to your mom (yes, it really can happen)!

While you may think you know a girl, you have no idea what she'll be like when you break up with her. She may want to get revenge by posting embarrassing pictures of you on the Internet or elsewhere. Not only that, if she loses her phone




(or you lose yours), anyone can gain access to those pictures, and may use them for malicious purposes.
To cite a personal example, a friend of mine went on a date with a guy. She didn't give this guy a second thought until months later when she started receiving all sorts of naked pic- tures from him. She found this behavior very bizarre and out of character. A few weeks later, she got a call from him apolo- gizing for the pictures and explaining that someone stole his phone, found some naked pictures he took of himself, and thought it'd be "funny" to text them to all his contacts.

Yup. That's right. Not only did she receive his private pics, so did his family, coworkers, and even his clients (this guy was  a salesman who had some of his clients saved on his phone). The guy ended up losing his job over the fiasco! Because of a few naked pictures!

This is a cautionary tale: be careful with sending naked pic- tures! If you do send them, you may want to consider imme- diately deleting them off of your phone in case you ever lose it. Also, you may want to avoid full naked pictures that show your face. At least if your face isn't in the picture, you have some deniability.



























I really like a girl. Since she's special to me, I think I should try something different. Even though I know this is probably the wrong move, I'm going to con- vince myself "telling her how I feel" is a good idea. I'll deceive myself into thinking that I'm applying con- cepts like "sparking an emotion" and "creating a con- nection" when I'm really just doing what feels good in the short term.













he biggest mistake guys make when using their phone is the mistake of self-deception. Even though a guy may know how he should use his phone, he still sometimes
does what "feels right." This usually means:

• Texting or calling a girl too much
• Paying her gushing compliments
• Telling her exactly how he feels




• Not proposing a meet up because he's afraid she'll say no

Guys don't consciously think they're doing anything wrong or incorrect when they act like this. Instead they usually rational- ize things like, "Telling her that I really enjoyed meeting her and that I think she's really special is a great way to spark her emotions and make a connection. I'm gonna do it!" Any objec- tive reader of this book knows that merely telling a girl "how you feel" does not spark an emotion or make a connection.

Yet, when a guy's feelings overwhelm him, his subjective view of the situations deceives him into seeing the situation differ- ently. If you find yourself saying, "This girl's different-I need to do something different with her" then you're probably falling into the self-deception trap. Every guy will have these thoughts at some point. Just learn to recognize them.

This book works on every girl-no matter how attractive, spe- cial, or "different" she is. The methods, techniques, and texts from this book appeal to women-all women. Moreover, once you see the success for yourself, don't second-guess it. The same phone game you used to seduce that "cute" girl will work exactly the same when you apply it to the "perfect 10" girl. A more attractive girl does not require a different set of skills.

What works works. Period.




If you really like a girl, and cannot think objectively, then use the examples from this book verbatim. You're better off "sticking to the script" rather than jeopardizing your chances with self-de- ception. Even guys who are amazing with women still fall victim to self-deception; however, these guys are skilled enough to re- alize it and do what they know works-not what "feels good."

to do what "feels good."

Unfortunately, when it comes to interacting with women, what "feels good" to most guys is validation. Many guys "feel good" when they have a woman's attention or when a wom- an says nice things to them. For example, a woman might say nice things like how "nice" or "sweet" you are, but she has ab- solutely no interest in dating or sleeping with you. Even still, it "feels good" because such compliments provide instant vali-




dation.

This is no different from a guy who pigs out on junk food, feel- ing "good" as he stuffs his face with sugary and fatty foods. Even though this guy is damaging his body and his health in the long run, as he's stuffing his face with food, he "feels good."

When it comes to phone game, this is why guys do stupid things that they later regret: complimenting a woman too much; confessing their feelings; calling and texting her con- stantly. As they're doing this, they think, "I'm being myself!" They crave validation, so they do things that feel good in the short term. They're convinced that they're being more "hon- est" or "true to themselves" by acting like this.

But that just isn't case. They're only doing what feels good in the short term.

Learning phone game isn't learning how to act like someone you're not. Nowhere in this book are you told to lie, act ma- nipulative, or do anything immoral. Learning phone game is exactly that: learning the rules so you can play the game.

As much as it contradicts the popular media portrayal of dating, there are certain "rules" to the game of dating. Any guy who isn't enjoying success with women doesn't need to change his identity-he just needs to learn "the rules." If you've read this far, you now know what those rules are for phone game. But it's up to you to apply them.






Like the analogy used in a previous section, it's a lot like go- ing to buy a house. When you're negotiating a buying price, there are certain things you can do to get a better deal. You wouldn't tell the real estate agent that the house you want is your dream house and you'd pay any price for it. If you did that, the agent would know she has you by the balls. She'd see that you're desperate to buy the house so she can rip you off.

In dating, women often won't even bother ripping you off- they'll just avoid you. The metaphor of buying a house is just that: a metaphor. When it comes to dating, women like the thrill of the chase. They like the uncertainty of not knowing your full intentions. They like to play the game-probably more so than you do. Therefore, give her the gift of excitement, fun, and emotion. Play phone game by the rules and you'll create an experience for her that she'll find unique and thrilling.


attractive. If you wrote something dumb, let it go. There's al- ways tomorrow or the next day.




"the kiss," often he'd think he was doing something wrong in
the moments leading up to the kiss. He'd attribute his "stick- ing point" to sexual escalation.

This, however, is probably not his sticking point. Most often your "sticking point" is what happened a stage or two before where you're getting stuck. So, for a guy who's fumbling over the kiss, it might be because he's not creating a flirty enough vibe-something that happens long before sexual escalation.

Likewise, if girls aren't even responding to your texts or calls, it's probably not your phone game. Instead, ask yourself what you were doing in the minutes before you got her number dur- ing the initial interaction. Here are some "sticking points" that make girls unresponsive on text:

• Was she really attracted? Did she seem genuinely happy to give you her number?

• Did you make a connection with her? How many "in-




side jokes" or commonalities did you share?

• Did you sexually escalate? Did this girl understand that you were interested in a romantic/sexual rela- tionship, and not a friendship?

Problems with your actual phone game happen when a girl responds to your texts, but never meets up with you. Or if it takes you a very long time to get her out on a date. Or if, when she does show up, she doesn't look happy to be there. If you're having these sorts of problems, then maybe your phone game does suck.

Most guys, however, think their phone game sucks when it doesn't. The real issue is they're taking numbers from girls who aren't interested in them. Just because a girl gives out her number doesn't mean she's signed a social contract to date you, see you again, or even like you. Girls sometimes give their number out to be polite, to avoid an awkward situation, or even to get rid of a persistent guy! Sorry to say, but if you're not getting a response, you may be falling into this category.

If this sounds familiar, examine what you're doing during the initial interaction. Try to pinpoint the moments you think may be causing a woman's disinterest. Once you strengthen the impression you're making during the initial encounter, you will be "in the game" when you go to use your phone.










































Dialing
B

Emotions

ecoming fluent in dating means learning to speak in emotions. It doesn't matter if you're staring at a cell phone screen or at a beautiful girl across a bar, if you want to capture her attention, you must cap- tivate her emotions.

Most of the problems you're experiencing with women stem from this one concept. Often, guys delude themselves into thinking they're getting somewhere with women by applying logic. Even if you're executing dating advice-and even if that dating advice is good-if you think meeting women is a puzzle you need to solve, you're not thinking of it in the right way. Dating is an emotional game-you must feel emotions and




she must feel emotions.

This may sound as if I'm advocating you to act gushy or flam- boyant. When most guys hear that they need to get women emotional, they think they need over-the-top behavior as if they were actors in a soap opera. This is completely wrong.

Getting women emotional is all about subtly. It's getting her to smile, to laugh, to punch you on the arm and say, "You're crazy!" It's the outgrowth of flirting and teasing. Sparking a woman's emotions is directly proportional to how much of your personality you let her see.

The antithesis of your emotion-eliciting personality is logic. By definition, logic is objective and universal. My logic is no differ- ent from your logic. It isn't unique, subjective, or shocking. As such, logic will never inspire emotions.

Too often this is forgotten. The temptation to get logical is alluring. It often begins with the proclamation, "If she could only see..." or "If she only knew..."

Perhaps she would change her mind if she could only see what a successful guy you are. And maybe she would fall in love with you if she only knew how good you'd treat her. But it'll never happen. It'll never happen because you're not saying, "How can I get her to feel..."

Indeed, getting a woman to "feel" something trumps every




shred of logic. How often do girls end up falling for guys who are horrible for them, treat them shitty, or are just downright unsavory characters? From an outside perspective it may seem as if this happens because "Girls only go for jerks" or because "Assholes finish first and nice guys finish last."

But that's missing the forest for the trees. It isn't the bad be- havior that causes a woman to choose these losers-it's emo- tions. Like it or not, the guy who she chose over you got her to feel something you didn't.

It may be the way he looks at her, the way he talks to her, or just the way he can get her to laugh. But rest assured, he didn't outdo you with logic. It was emotions.

To unlock the very same emotions, unshackle your personal- ity. Guys often make the fatal mistake of "holding back" their wit, humor, anecdotes, and commentaries around women. They often think their personality isn't "enough" to attract re- ally beautiful women, and so they search for answers outside themselves-often in the form of logic.

Don't make this mistake ever again. It doesn't matter if you're sitting down to text a girl you met over the weekend or you're sitting across from your dream girl on your first date, let your personality loose. Don't be afraid to make that joke, tell that story, or give her your opinion on something. Be as transpar- ent as possible.




Don't, however, use this advice as an alibi to kiss a woman's ass or deliver gushing soliloquys about how much you like her. In fact, doing so is a perfect example of "logic." By telling a woman "how you feel," you're hoping that your proclamation will get her to feel the same way. Whenever you do one thing to get another thing, you're succumbing to logic.

So if you're telling her about your accomplishments or even how well you'd treat her, you're falling victim to logic. Don't do that.

Appeal to her emotions. Unlike logic, emotions are an end in themselves. When you act in alignment to your personality, you're just "being you." The side-benefit of that alignment is eliciting a woman's emotions. And the side-benefit of eliciting those emotions is attraction.

Thus, as you go out into the world to apply the tenets of phone game, always remember that emotion is the language you need to speak. As you set forth on this journey to improve the quality of your dating life, you will certainly hear the siren song of logic tempting you to try and "prove" or "manipulate" your way into a woman's affections. Resist the temptation. And, in- stead, tell her that story you know will get her doubled over in laughter.

That's emotions.

























  Make Small Talk Sexy: Conversation Escalation
Conversation Escalation	is a step-by- step	system	that	will	show	you how to use flirtatious and sexy "small talk" to quickly engage, connect with, and "turn on" a
woman...

       The program is jam packed with step by step instructions and word-for- word examples of exactly what to say (and
how to say it)... so that your words nestle their way in, and take complete control of her emotions...

And will completely IMPLANT the skill of carrying a "flirtatious" conversation with a woman into your game, brain, and personality, and make it a PERMA- NENT part of you. (So you never struggle again)

http://www.makesmalltalksexy.com/secrets




      The 4 Elements of Game: Date the Girls You REALLY Want
The 4 Elements of Game won Dating Skills Re- view Editor's Choice award for its simple ef- fectiveness. This classic of men's dating ad- vice makes improving your ability to meet
and attract women a simple process.

Written by award-winning writer Rob Judge, this easy-to-read book isn't go- ing to dramatically change your per- sonality. Instead, it's going to teach you how to use BALANCE to attract
more women with less effort.

 Women will see your MOST AT- TRACTIVE personality whether you are the life of the party or more of the QUIET and CHILL type. This book
will teach you a dating philosophy that fits to YOUR personality like an expensive, perfectly tailored suit.

http://ebook.datehottergirls.com


The Natural Approach
I call this program "The Natural Approach" because it allows you to learn to meet women in the same way you learned ev- erything else you're good at... Naturally
...And, it allows you to still be your natural, authentic self while still doing things that actually work and attract dozens of women into your life...

You will learn a simple secret that gets rid of your fears of ap- proaching women, and actually makes it a lot easier.

http://www.makesmalltalksexy.com/natural

The Advanced Dating Strategies
The Advanced Dating Strategies translates the exact behavior that women find sexy into an easy-to-follow system that you can master. Whether you want to meet and date more women or just attract one special woman, The Advanced Dating Strat- egies will give you everything you need to display your most attractive personality.

Unlike any other dating product, The Advanced Dating Strat- egies is completely revolutionary because it's a compressive training course.

http://www.advanceddatingstrategies.net/go/

White-hot  AttrAction  MAnifesto

Get  the  Girl
Dominate Her minD,
Heart, anD BoDy




Bo B By	rio
ro B	Jud G e

Briefing
What you're about to read isn't nice. It isn't po- litically correct. And it should be used with cau- tion.

The tactics, techniques, and mind-control strat- egies detailed in this manifesto have one pur- pose and one purpose only: so you get that "one girl." It's not a guide on approaching. It's not a guide on dating multiple women or how to get a supermodel girlfriend.

This is solely for a girl you already know, and whom you desire.

Maybe you want to make her your girlfriend. Maybe you want to fuck her. Maybe you just want to see what she looks like naked.

Whatever your reason, that's your business. Our business is to make sure you succeed.

Who To Use This On
As we already mention, your aim should be a girl you already know. Who does that in- clude?

• A girl who put you in the "friend zone"
• A girl in your social circle you are acquainted with
• A girl you went on a date with, but she lost interest afterwards
• A girl in your class or workplace
• A girl who went to high school or col- lege with, and remain in contact (even through social media)
• A girl you think you've messed it up with in the past

Now, obviously this manifesto will work bet- teroncertainsituationsthanothers.Ifyou're using this on a girl who vaguely knows you,

then your chances are better than if you're using it on a girl you've gone on a date with, and already messed things up.

There's only ONE type of girl this will NOT work on...

An ex-girlfriend!

If you've already had sex with her, then this manifesto will be ineffective. The reason why is too complicated to explain, but it involves the way the female psyche works.

So if you're trying to win your ex back, I'd look elsewhere for answers.

For everyone else, read on...

The 5 White- Hot Attrac- tion Phases
Undoing an impression a woman has of you is absolutely possible, but it happens in very specific way. Just as most women make a de- cision to sleep with a guy based on certain emotions, or to meet a guy for a date based on certain emotions (which is the basis of the Key-Lock Sequence from Magnetic Mes- saging), girls can change their perception of you based on a certain progression of emo- tions.

If you think about it, you know this is true. Think about your own perception of things. Maybe you once hated coffee, or beer, or seafood, but now you love. Our perceptions of things can do a complete 180 if we're ex- posed to certain experiences around those

emotions.

But the "experiences" we experience are particular. For the purpose of this manifes- to, we've color-labeled them to help you re- member the progression (and correspond- ing color).

Here they are (in order):

Black Phase-You must go totally "off her radar" for a period of time to "re- set" her emotions

Blue Phase-You must confuse her per- ception of you through "pattern inter- rupts"

Orange Phase-You must bait her inter- est and attention by using tension and "unresolved sentiment"

Green Phase-You must tantalize her with directed emotional detachment

Red  Phase-You  must  get  her  alone,

one-on-one, and get physical with her (this is the climax of the progression)

White Phase-You must "debrief" her to begin a fresh relationship (regard- less of what you want that relationship to be)

If you're confused reading over this progres- sion, don't worry. We'll definite each stage, and exactly what to do, in this manifesto. For now, just get acquainted with the gist of what you're doing.

These "color phases" allow you to slowly amplify the chemistry between you and a woman, effectively re-opening the door for you to make your move.

It's fast.

It's swift.

It's strategic.

Much like a NAVY SEALs operation, you

know exactly what your objectives are for each phase. It's up to you, however, to carry them out. And, like a SEALs mission, we're only giving you the objective. We're not giv- ing you magic potions.

If you think you can just recite some "mag- ic words" or punch-in some copy-and-paste messages like you're unlocking a passcode, then you're mistaken. While you will be re- ceiving specific instructions, with specific directions (including how long each phase should take), don't think of this as a "magic solution."

Instead, accept your mission like a NAVY SEAL! Resolve yourself right now to get in there and carry out the best damn mission you can! If you're excited and motivated to get that "one girl," then you should be will- ing to put in the sweat and patience to ac- complish your mission!

So let's get started!

1. Phase: Black
Duration: Exactly 21 Days
Objective: "Reset" her emotions by going off her radar
Pitfalls to Avoid: "Over-gaming"
Black Phase Step 1:
Back Off (Duration: 7 Days)
Guys make the mistake of "over-gaming" all
the time. The definition of "over-gaming" is the idea that you need to do "more" to at- tract or seduce a woman. This is especially deadly in a situation where you're already coming from behind with a girl.

The kneejerk reaction of most guys when they "mess up" with a girl is to do more. They want the right thing to say or do to get back in a girl's good graces. It's like a kid with a scab on his arm that can't stop picking at it. Even though he knows he shouldn't, some- how he finds himself picking at the scab again and again, which just makes it worse.

Likewise, most guys "know" they should just

remove themselves from the situation. Yet their desperation, insecurity, and pride in always being "right" prevail, and it leads to guys to over-gaming women.

So step one in any situation where you're trying to win a girl back over is this: BACK OFF. Remove yourself from any contact with her for 7 straight days. Not only should you not directly contact her, you shouldn't even THINK of her. Don't check her Facebook. Don't reread her texts to you. Don't try to put yourself in situations where you'll see her.

This may should unnecessary, yet I assure you: it's absolutely crucial. To remedy a sit- uation with a girl, you need to work from the inside out-meaning you need to master your OWN emotions before you master hers.

Step one of the black phase requires you re- move ANY inkling of contact with the wom- an you're trying to seduce. No excuses. Em- bark on a new hobby or a distraction if you need to, but don't let her cross your mind

during these 7 days. Not even once.

Black Phase Step 2:
Let Go (Duration: 7 Days)
As strange as it sounds, the "Black Phase" is very difficult for many guys even though it requires they do NOTHING. The reason the "silent treatment" is so difficult is because most men are somewhat narcissistic. In oth- er words, we believe that we're the center of the universe and so we always need to be "in control."

And don't think this sort of "narcissism" is limited to arrogant guys only. It's also symp- tomatic of insecure guys, as well. Only a man who's insecure would feel that he must con- trol every reaction and every situation. The idea of always needing to "game" women is a huge red flag that you're a narcissist (and it's hurting your chances with women).

Much of "traditional" pickup theory espous- es this "always be in control" mentality...and it's not going to help you get that "one girl." Though, to alleviate yourself of the fatal flaw

of "over-gaming," you must learn to let go. By let go, I mean you need to remove your- self from wanting to control the outcome, wanting to control the situation, wanting to control anything. You need to adopt this personal mantra:

If I make the right moves, I trust that the chips will fall as they may.

With women (and with life) that's really all you can hope for: a fair shot. If you make the right moves, you can't expect always to win. You can only expect to get a fair shot.

Over the next 7 days, continue to avoid con- tact, but also try and detach yourself from the outcome. Remind yourself of all the rea- sons it may not work with her. Remind your- self that you don't need anything from her. In fact, try to convince yourself why you'd almost be BETTER OFF not "getting" her.

Now, you don't have to give up on your girl by any means; however, you should give up on the idea of thinking you "need" her. Once

you "let go," you're free. And it's only when you're "free" that you'll have your best shot of seducing her.

Black Phase Step 3:
Hit Reset (Duration: 7 Days)
Once you pull yourself "out of the game" for a breather, you hopefully will gain some al- titude. You'll see things from a higher, more detached vantage point. Hopefully you'll pinpoint exactly what you did wrong, and what you could have done right.

As you're assessing your situation, if you're remaining "silent" (and not over-gaming), a woman's emotions are "resetting." In other words, you're "growing" a second chance. If you've followed the first two steps, it should be about 2 weeks since you last had ANY contact with her. You should feel assured that by giving her space that her negative emotions have died down, and you'll get (an- other) fair shot at her.

But remember: hitting that reset button is all about letting go of trying to control the

outcome and backing off. During this phase you may feel tempted to contact her or "check up" on her. Don't. Don't try to miti- gate your past failures. And especially don't try and "game" her. Simply sit back, let this final week pass, and get an objective view on things.

Again, this is easier said than done. Howev- er, if you truly want another shot at the "girl who got away," then you've got to learn the virtue of silence. You may convince yourself that you've "got to do something," but that's just your pride (and narcissism) talking.

After 21 days exactly of "black" silence, you're free to move into the next phase: The Blue Phase.

This means cut off all phone calls, text mes- sages, and visits.

Do this WITHOUT making her feel like you're mad at her.

The whole goal is to make her wonder what

is going on in your life that you don't have time for her.

When she contacts you... don't answer the call, text, or email right away.

Wait a day or two before getting back to her. When you do talk to her be pleasant but VAGUE.

You should spend at least one month apart. The better friends you are with this girl, the longer the time apart should be.

What you are doing here is interrupting her pattern and confusing her.

The confusion will cause her to spend more time thinking about you.

Her simply missing you will NOT be enough to stir up immense attraction for you.

Although you will be vague, you should al- ways be implying that really great things  are going on in your life.

This is a fine line that you have to be careful to walk.

She can NEVER feel like you're bragging, trying to make her jealous, or lying.

That will backfire the plan.

Your whole attitude should be that really great things are going on in your life... but you're HOLDING BACK telling because you don't want her to feel bad.

Vagueness is the key to this part.

(Have you noticed how I keep stressing VAGUE. Its what causes the confusion. The confusion get her thinking about you)

2. Phase: Blue
Duration: 5-7 Days
Objective: "Confuse" her perception of you through pattern interrupts Pitfalls to Avoid: Falling back into your old habits/patterns
See awhile back I realized that there is a missing step that most teacher's leave out.

And if you miss this step then the material isn't even half as effective.

Here's the problem: When you try to change a females opinion of you she still sees you as the "old" you.

Big problem, especially if you weren't too cool at first. Or if you were Mr. Nice Guy. Or a real push over. Or a shy, quiet guy she hardly noticed.

All the material in the world won't work un- less you can "change" her opinion of you.

Most guys don't know how to do this.... So quick lesson then...
I discovered this "FIX" about 12 years ago while watching Monday Nitro (pro wres- tling).

There was a "good guy" Scot Steiner.	And he had just turned
"bad."

But the crowd wasn't buying it. They had cheered him so long it was hard for them boo him. Hard for the crowd to see him as anything other than the likable guy he had always been.

But then he disappeared for a bit.

He came back a month later with a complete- ly different look.

Not only that but he had different catch phrases. Everything about him was just dif- ferent.

No.

I'm not telling to start dressing like the Big Bad Booty Daddy.

I'm not even telling you that you need an image overhaul.

What you need is something called a "Pat- tern Interrupt."

We as humans engage in certain "thought patterns." They are unconscious. It's al- most like a continual program that is run- ning inside our mind. Certain expectations.

And that woman has a certain pattern of thoughts when it comes to YOU. And cer- tain expectations.

Here is the key.

If you want to change her opinion of you, and ultimately get her to become attracted to you... you need to use a PATTERN

INTERRUPT.

If you don't interrupt her thought pattern, thensheisgoingtokeepengaginginthoughts that lead her think of you as a "friend."

Going back to Scott Steiner the wrestler. It wasn't enough for him to just start cheat- ing. And beating up the "good guys" for the crowd to boo him.

He had to disappear. Interrupt the pattern. And come back with a different image.
What is the secret to a pattern interrupt? Confusion and THEN the new information. Yes.	Good old confusion.
Here's how confusion comes into the picture. Loss of certainty means open-mindedness to what is.

A  pattern  interrupt  confuses  her  condi-

tioned mind and in so gets her old though habits out of the way long enough for you to sneak your "new" opinion in there.

I know I'm getting pretty heavy on you. A lot of technical stuff. It's worth really un- derstanding this though. It's powerful stuff.

That old saying, "You never get a second chance to make a first impression" is not applicable to attraction. That can hurt or help you. For example, there's probably a sign where you hit it off with a girl, but later "messed it up."

In that instance, the mutable aspect of at- traction worked against you. It can, howev- er, work FOR you. Whatever a woman's per- ception of you is subject to change. That's because attraction is based purely on EMO- TIONS. Human emotion is like the tide of the ocean: it's always changing.

A woman's emotions are changing, day-to- day, hour-to-hour. She may HATE you one moment, only to love you the next. So, rath-

er than fight the wave, ride it. Use her emo- tions to your extreme advantage.

The best way to "use her emotions" is using it to change her perception of you. Likely her perception of you isn't what you want it to be. That's no problem! By using a "pat- tern interrupt" you can "disrupt" and "frag- ment" the way she perceives.

See, women often perceive a man based on a few short encounters. You may be the most suave, charming man alive, but if you slipped up once or twice in front of her on a first date, she may think you're a clumsy dunce! It's not fair, but it's reality.

Likely the perception she currently has of you is less-than-flattering. Maybe she thinks you're too nice. Maybe she thinks you're cowardly. Maybe she thinks you're creepy or an asshole. It doesn't matter. What DOES matter is that you have SOME idea of what that perception is.

You can determine this by using the "per-

spective" you got over the past 21 days of silence. Now that you've had a full 21 days away from the situation, it's time to go back over the text conversations, Facebook mes- sages, and memories you have of her.

What happened? (Be as honest with yourself as you can.) Were you too boring? Too gen- erous? Too aggressive? Too quiet? Too pas- sive? Did you "try" too hard (over-gamed)? Try to bring yourself back to the exact mo- ment things began going wrong. What did you do RIGHT BEFORE that moment?

Hopefully you have a rough idea of what went wrong. As long as you're in "the ball- park," then you're golden. Because all you need to do now is:

"Break" her perception of you by doing some- thing that's the exact opposite of her "bad" perception of you.

Now, you'll hear some examples of how to do this in a moment, but first a word of warn- ing: DO NOT MAKE THIS OBVIOUS. The best

pattern interrupts are incredibly subtle! So your first communication with her shouldn't involve you going right for the jugular and trying to execute your pattern interrupt. Be cool about it; be patient.

So, as an example, let's say you were too nice, and now there's no sexual tension. A great way to "break" that pattern is by see- ing her in person, talking to her, and drop- ping in some "nasty" language. For example, you might comment on some guy who looks like a douche, a girl who looks like cunt, or something along those lines.

You may feel uncomfortable executing a pattern interrupt, but it's crucial you do it. A great line from the movie The 40-Year Old Virgin rings true here: "Dawg, what you've doing just isn't working. It's time for a change!" Understand: the pattern you've fell into with this girl JUST ISN'T WORKING.

You need to break it. Therefore, over the next 7 days, you NEED to do something RADI- CALLY different from how she perceives

you. This radical shift doesn't need to be su- per obvious, and you don't need to be exces- sive about it, but she needs to see there's an "edge" to your personality that she wasn't aware of before.

Now you need to amplify the jealousy and the confusion.

A great way to do this is to call her and ask her to hang out.

Assuming enough time has gone by she will be relieved that you finally called... and her jealousy and confusion will dwindle.

Just when she thinks things are going back to the status quo... CANCEL THE PLANS with her.

When you cancel don't schedule a new date. Once again, be vague.

In the meantime, another great way to cre- ate jealousy is to take advantage of Face- book.

Hopefully you have some female friends on Facebook you can interact with (she'll no- tice)

It's also important to change up your profile a bit. Add some cool new pics (preferably of you and hot girls).

But just as important....

The entire time away from her you need to be working on yourself.

If there are areas of yourself that need im- provement, now is the time to serious about change.

If you're over weight, do everything possi- ble to get in shape...

During your time away from her you need to be working on your social skills.

Luckily, you have an entire Mastermind Kit to help you with that

You should not spend all your time away from her thinking about her or planning your next move on her.

You need to be filling your days with excit- ing and challenging shit.

Stuff that is personally rewarding.

You should be doing everything you can to take her off your mind.

You should be out flirting and attracting as many girls as you can.

You should be hitting on other girls with reckless abandon.

This serves many purposes.

Above everything else, it gives you a chance to see if you really want her as a girlfriend.

3. Phase: Orange
Duration: 8-10 Days
Objective: Bait her with open loops that create tension and "unresolved sentiment"
Pitfalls to Avoid: Deflating the ten-
sion you created with the pattern in- terrupt
If you correctly executed the Blue Phase, then there should be a substantial amount of tension between you and the woman you're pursuing. If you really did a good job of in- terrupting her perception of you, then you may find she's already asking you questions.

In fact, that's the signpost you're looking for during the orange phase: she's asking you questions. Whenever a woman is asking you questions, she has an "unsolved sentiment." That's a fancy way of saying she's got an itch that she needs to scratch.

Think about it: when do you ask questions? It's when you want an answer. However,

once you get your answer, you feel satisfied. You do NOT want a woman to feel "satisfied" during the orange phase...so don't give her any real answers!

In fact, once a woman asks you a question, you want to stoke the flames even more! You can "stoke the flames" by using open loops and tension. For example, you might text a girl something like, "Just saw Night at the Roxberry on TV...reminded me of you." Why does it remind you of her? Don't tell!

Likely a woman will respond to that text, "Why did it remind you of me?" DO NOT ANSWER THE QUESTION! Remember: the point of the orange phase is to get her CURI- OUS and INVESTED. If you deflate the ten- sion and "confusion" you're creating in this phase, it ruins all the work you've already done!

Now, use some common sense when applying techniques like the open loop and tension. Don't become a one-trick pony, constantly trying to get a woman to ask you questions.

Instead, sprinkle these techniques into your conversations and text interactions with a woman over the next 8-10 days.

If you can get a woman to ask you 3-5 ques- tions over these next few days, you're in great shape! Moreover, if a woman REPEAT- EDLY asks you the same question (e.g., "Se- riously, I want to know why that movie Night at the Roxberry made you think of me!"), then you've really nailed this phase!

You want there to be some attractive ten- sion during these 8-10 days. And you abso- lutely DO NOT want to break that tension!

4. Phase: Green
Duration: 5-7 Days
Objective: Fan the flames of her de- sire even more through strategic de- tachment
Pitfalls to Avoid: Taking it too far
and becoming too detached
By now, the seeds of attraction have been sown. If asked, your girl probably doesn't even know she's attracted to you yet...but she is! However, you need to bring that at- traction to a flashpoint, which means you need to make her realize what you now mean to her.

To do that, you need to detach yourself emo- tionally from her. Now, this doesn't mean you should ignore her...in fact, that would hurt your chances. You simply need to in- teract with her in an emotionally detached way.

To conceptualize how to act, imagine how you'd talk to a friend or someone like your

accountant (presupposing your accountant isn't smoking hot!). While you wouldn't be rude, you also wouldn't try too hard. You wouldn't worry if they thought your jokes were funny and you wouldn't go out of your way to make them feel comfortable or hap- py.

You'd simply have a nice, polite conversa- tion with them, and then you'd go about your day.

The same holds true during the green phase: don't put any real effort in here. That prob- ably means you'll have shorter conversa- tions, send less text messages, and make less of an effort to see your girl. While you should not go completely silent, you should absolutely cut your efforts back by 60-75%.

The Green Phase is also a great opportuni- ty to sprinkle in a little jealousy. Be care- ful with this, because too much jealousy can ruin everything, though your girl should at least see you talking to other girls during this phase. You don't even necessarily need

to flirt with these girls (though you can!), but it should look like you're "keeping your options open."

To make sure you succeed during this phase, avoid using her friends to make her jealous. What's really important here is that she doesn't fully know what your relationships are with these girls. If you use her friends to get her jealous, she can simply ask them what you wanted. If, however, she sees you talking with girls she doesn't know, she won't be able to figure out your relationship with them!

That's the way you want it!

Now, don't let the Green Phase go on for too long. Absolutely cut this phase off after a few days, or after she sees you with a few girls. If you let this phase go on too long, or she sees you with more than 3-5 girls, then she might just write you off.

Remember: a master chef only sprinkles in ingredients...he doesn't pour them in (that

would ruin the dish!). Likewise, you only need a sprinkle of these techniques in order to get them to work. If you add too much, you risk ruining everything.

5. Phase: Red
Duration: 1 encounter
Objective: Get her in a one-on-one set- ting and "pull the trigger"
Pitfalls to Avoid: Getting cold feet at
the last second and not going for it

Congratulations! If you've made it this far in the emotional progression, then your girl is just itching for you to make a move. You have a rare window of opportunity that you absolutely MUST capitalize on before you miss your chance.

Again, this can't be stressed enough: you have ONE shot at this. For the last month and a half, you've slowly built up to this mo- ment, and now you need to "cash in your chips." Waiting, hesitating, or failing to ex- ecute a move here will negate all the great work you've done up until this point.

Now, be warned: she may not give you a clear-cut signal that she wants you to make a move. There's no "universal" sign that she

wants you to escalate physically. As a gener- al rule, if she agrees to hang out with you in a one-on-one setting, feel confident that she wants you to make a move. For you, that's the only "signal" you need.

Now, you may not even get an obvious "one- on-one" encounter with her. You may decide toexecuteyourmovewhenyou seeataparty or in some other social situation. While it's not ideal, it will do. Remember: the MOST IMPORTANT aspect of this red phase is AC- TION...which means MAKING THE MOVE!

Don't wait until the perfect moment ar- rives...because you may be waiting forever. Moreover, a woman's emotions change very quickly. If you've led a woman through the other 4 phases, then she's READY for you to make a move. Though, her "readiness" can quickly cool off in a matter of days.

SO MAKE YOUR MOVE!

The best example of making a move is going for a kiss. It's not too aggressive, but it's also

not too passive. A kiss is the perfect balance between showing sexual interest but also not going too far and being creepy. In the ap- pendix, we've included a primer on kissing that will help you structure an opportunity for the kiss.

One final reminder about the Red Phase is that it must happen in one encounter. Don't pussyfoot around and drag this phase out for multiple days. You have one window of opportunity to strike, and you don't want to let it simmer because you were too much of a coward to make a move.

Make your move confidently, and trust that you have a good shot of landing it. Even if you fail, at least you can walk away feeling like a brave man, and rest assured that you did everything you could to get her. And, if you succeed, to the victor goes the spoils! You've just landed your girl through care- ful planning and execution! Most of all, you landed her because you had the BALLS to go for it.

Remember: fortune favors the bold!

6. Phase: White
Duration: The duration of your rela- tionship
Objective: Set yourself up for an en-
joyable relationship
Pitfalls to Avoid: Continuing the play "the game" with a girl you know is attractive

Once you succeed in making your move, you don't need to concern yourself too much with "strategy" and "techniques." If your girl ac- cepts your move (e.g., she kisses you), then she's made a very conscious choice that you're a guy she wants to be with...so don't cause her change her mind back!

In the appendix, there's a section on "the over-gaming trap," which we reprinted (with permission) from The Advanced Dat- ing Strategies. Understand that the comple- tion of the "red phase" signals a woman's "waypoint." You're now a guy she finds at- tractive!

As such, enjoy the girl and not the game. Get to know her and treat her with respect. Don't get too caught up in trying to manipu- late her. You may have needed some "game" to overcome her resistance initially, but now you're off and running.

Refer to Magnetic Messaging for some exam- ples of attractive communication (in "Sec- tion 3" of the book) and sprinkle in some of those concepts to keep everything nice and passionate.

Most important: enjoy! You earned it!

Appendix
1. How To Kiss A Girl: A Tutorial
In most of my products and articles, I rarely go into much depth about how to kiss a girl. In my opinion, sexual escalation (like kiss- ing) is more of an outgrowth of sexual ten- sion. In The 4 Elements of Game I define kiss- ing as a "release" behavior-something that releases the tension created when you're interacting with a woman in an attractive, masculine way.

However, I know some guys out there like a more thorough and detailed explanation of how to kiss a girl. (This morning my in- box was flooded with the subject line "How To Kiss A Girl?"). Thus, I want to take this opportunity to further explain what I know about how to kiss a girl.

How To Kiss A Girl: It's All About The Pre- Game

Most guys ask a question about kissing a girl, and think I'm going to give them an answer that they can apply a few seconds before the kiss and have it magically go down. In real- ity, a good kiss is 95% preparation and only 5% execution (totally made up statistics).

In other words, the determining factor of whether or not a girl deems your kiss "hot or not" is established in the moments lead- ing up to the kiss. The shortest timeline for this "pre-game" would be about 2-5 minutes. However, in a typical date situation, the mo- ments leading up to a kiss can span as long as 45 minutes to an hour.

Just a quick word to all the guys who enjoy going for fast make-outs (otherwise known as "flash game"): While it may make you feel cool to be able to get instant kisses from girls you just met (and I'm certainly not claim- ing I'm somehow above this), kissing a girl

too soon or rushing the build-up to a kiss is not a good long-term strategy for building a solid connection with a woman.

While kissing babes is awesome, I person- ally enjoy the build-up to a kiss better, any- way. And certainly women would concur. No woman wants to feel like she's a tongue receptacle for some aggressive horn-ball; instead, she wants a guy who understands how to create, maintain, and amplify sexual tension.

Thus, the bulk of this tutorial will center on the crucial aspects of the pre-game. Begin- ning with the most important aspect of the kiss: isolated discretion.

How To Kiss A Girl Step 1: Isolated Discretion

I know it sounds obvious that you need to be "isolated" with a girl to kiss her, but it's still important to point out. A memorable kiss is a moment shared between you and a girl, and that's it. Unless you're "kissing the

bride" at your wedding, you should really remain cognizant of the situation you and a girl are in.

Case-in-point: the other weekend I was chat- ting with a girl who I felt great chemistry with. We'd met because my friend began talking to her friend, and we naturally just gravitated to each other. Now, even though I wanted to kiss her (and the feeling seemed to be mutual), I restrained myself for an im- portant reason: no discretion.

Personally, I don't want a girl to think I'm some sex-starved horn-ball who will jump at any opportunity to sexually escalate (and I'm sure you agree). While I emphasize the importance of sexual escalation in all my articles and advice, the importance of being a sexually satisfied guy who's in control of his emotions is MORE important than sim- ply having the guts to go for a kiss.

So, if you're planning a great kiss, the first step is to wait until you're in a situation that issomewhatdiscrete.  I'm  notsayingthatyou

necessarily need to be one-on-one, beyond closed doors before going for the kiss. How- ever, do respect her reputation and comfort levels. Most girls don't feel comfortable en- gaging in public displays of affection (PDA), so don't ruin your first kiss before it starts.

Make sure you have some privacy, and that it's a personal moment between you and a girl before even considering a girl. This could be as simple as moving her 20 feet away from the crowd, or as elaborate as planning a date around taking her to a special "spot" where you know you'll have some one-on- one time.

How To Kiss A Girl Step 2:
Build Tension

As we already know, a great kiss doesn't just appear out of thin air. Instead, it's an outgrowth of the moments leading up to the kiss. Once you and a girl have some "isolat- ed discretion," it's important you don't just lunge into her and expect a kiss. You first need to build sexual tension.

If you're unfamiliar with sexual tension, then I'd highly recommend you browse the archives of this blog or my column on TSB Magazine (or read my book, The 4 Elements of Game). Creating sexual tension is crucial for an enjoyable kiss.

Often the fastest and easiest way to create sexual tension is by giving a very direct, very bold compliment. Saying something like, "Wow, I wish you hadn't worn this dress out tonight because it looks amazing on you, and now I can hardly think straight" is a per- fect example. Why?

First off, the compliment is good-humored but also very bold. You're complimenting her, but you're also sort of "blaming" her for looking too good. This is so much than simply saying, "You look beautiful tonight" before it amplifies the tension of the compli- ment.

Using a compliment like that will electrify the moment, setting the stage for the kiss.

How To Kiss A Girl Step 2: Shameless Execution

Once you feel that "spark" of tension, it's time to pull the trigger and go for the kiss. While that advice may sound very simply, it's incredibly hard for most guys to follow. This is because most guys want to look for "signs" or "signals" that a girl wants to be kissed. Or worse, some guys even wait for a girl to kiss them (hardly ever happens!).

If you want to be a good kisser, you need to a high-stakes player. Don't ask a woman if she wants to be kissed. Don't drive yourself crazy looking for the "perfect signal." Don't even make the mistake of hesitating. In- stead, just lean in and kiss her.

In other words: execute shamelessly.

Now, a girl may reject your first attempt at going for a kiss-this is perfectly fine. In all likelihood, it probably has nothing to do with you. So don't feel rejected! Just respect her

comfort levels, and go back into being nor- mal. A immutable rule of kissing is this: if you attempt to kiss a girl, but she doesn't kiss you back, BUT she's still talking to you
= she wants to kiss you but just needs more time.

In fact, if you really want a "signal" to know whether or not a woman is interested in you or wants to be kissed by you, simply go for the kiss and see what happens. If she's still standing in front of you, you passed! You wants to be kissed! (Even if she didn't kiss you right then and there.)

So there you have it: how to kiss a girl in 3 simple stages. Don't over-think it. Don't over-complicate it. Have confidence in your- self and pucker up.

2. Over-Gaming: Race to the Waypoint
This entire course is predicated on a concept called "the waypoint." In The 4 Elements of Game we explained the waypoint as such:

The waypoint comes with the decision to have sex. Zack jokingly calls this "when she hits the BUY button." For guys, hit- ting the "buy button" happens instantly: if the girl's hot enough, sex is a given. For a woman, however, the waypoint comes later-sometimes after a few minutes, sometimes after a few dates. But once she's reached her waypoint, it's crucial you recognize it so you don't give her a reason to change her mind.

Atthewaypoint, youtransitioninagirl's mind from "random guy hitting on her" to "hot man she's going to sleep with." If you ask a woman when she hit her waypoint, often she knows the precise moment. I've had girls tell me the exact

thing I did or said that caused them to hit the "buy button."

As such, onceyoutransitioninhermind, you must also transition your behav- ior. After you've reached the waypoint, begin to treat her like she's your girl- friend. Don't continue to "game" her. In other words, once you hit the waypoint don't make the mistake of continuing to treat her like a girl you're hitting on.

The strategies in this course are what lead to the waypoint. In a sense, this course teaches "game" because it's pri- marily concerned with skills and tech- niques. As such, it's crucial you under- stand the caveat that comes with that:

The strategies in this course should only be used when it's appropriate. Many interac- tions fizzle not from a lack of game-but in- stead from too much game.

If you're blatantly trying to apply as many strategies from this course as

possible, you're over-gaming. Recall in the opening story that my girl had to point out the things I did. Never once did I think "I should do this tactic now" or "I should say this line now." I simply understood how to tactfully keep things on track.

Likewise, you should wait until a moment presents itself to use this information, rath- er than creating a moment. In fact, "creating a moment" is another way to describe over- gaming. Your "dating skills" should only be applied when needed, then forgotten about. It's not necessarily bad if you have to con- sciously think of what to do-but it is bad if you consciously think of when to do it. In other words, let the moments come to you- don't go looking for them.

Ideally, you just want to arrive at the way- point as soon as possible. That's all that mat- ters. If your goal is to attract quality women, why would you care about "running game?" Ask yourself would you rather...

Say an amazing pickup line, or attract an amazing girl?

Successfully use a great "kiss technique," or enjoy a great kiss?

Have a bunch of funny stories to recite, or have an emotionally significant connec- tion with a woman you're starting to care about?

The choice boils down to this: Are you into game, or are you into women? The answer seems obvious, but guys often let their love of game become an obstacle to getting to the waypoint. Don't be another guy who dis- qualifies himself by over-gaming. Be patient. Remember the proverb: A karate master doesn't go around kicking everyone's ass; he only uses his skill when necessary. The same holds true for outer game-only use it when needed.


























  Make Small Talk Sexy: Conversation Escalation
Conversation Escalation	is a step-by- step	system	that	will	show	you how to use flirtatious and sexy "small talk" to quickly engage, connect with, and "turn on" a
woman...

       The program is jam packed with step by step instructions and word-for- word examples of exactly what to say (and
how to say it)... so that your words nestle their way in, and take complete control of her emotions...

And will completely IMPLANT the skill of carrying a "flirtatious" conversation with a woman into your game, brain, and personality, and make it a PERMA- NENT part of you. (So you never struggle again)

http://www.makesmalltalksexy.com/secrets




      The 4 Elements of Game: Date the Girls You REALLY Want
The 4 Elements of Game won Dating Skills Re- view Editor's Choice award for its simple ef- fectiveness. This classic of men's dating ad- vice makes improving your ability to meet
and attract women a simple process.

Written by award-winning writer Rob Judge, this easy-to-read book isn't go- ing to dramatically change your per- sonality. Instead, it's going to teach you how to use BALANCE to attract
more women with less effort.

 Women will see your MOST AT- TRACTIVE personality whether you are the life of the party or more of the QUIET and CHILL type. This book
will teach you a dating philosophy that fits to YOUR personality like an expensive, perfectly tailored suit.

http://ebook.datehottergirls.com



The Natural Approach
I call this program "The Natural Approach" because it allows you to learn to meet women in the same way you learned ev- erything else you're good at... Naturally
...And, it allows you to still be your natural, authentic self while still doing things that actually work and attract dozens of women into your life...

You will learn a simple secret that gets rid of your fears of ap- proaching women, and actually makes it a lot easier.

http://www.makesmalltalksexy.com/natural

The Advanced Dating Strategies
The Advanced Dating Strategies translates the exact behavior that women find sexy into an easy-to-follow system that you can master. Whether you want to meet and date more women or just attract one special woman, The Advanced Dating Strat- egies will give you everything you need to display your most attractive personality.

Unlike any other dating product, The Advanced Dating Strat- egies is completely revolutionary because it's a compressive training course.

http://www.advanceddatingstrategies.net/go/

Be5tTexl5

•	• •	•• ••













































•
•	•
•













































Texting  Sections
Section 1:ResponseBait	4
Section 2:TheDayAfter	10
Section 3:MakingPlans	13
Section 4:GoldenResponses	18
Section 5:GettingSexual	25
Section 6: Situational	30
Section 7:RandomHumor	35



(c) 2012, All Rights Reserved First edition The 99 Best Texts of ALL TIME by Bobby Rio (TSB Magazine) and Rob Judge (Date Hotter Girls, LLC) (c) 2012, All Right Reserved

This book is copyright 2012 with all rights reserved. It is illegal to copy, distribute, or create derivative works from this book in whole or in part or to contribute to the copy- ing, distribution, or creating of derivative works of this book. When you purchased this book, you agreed to the following statement:
"(c)2012, All Rights Reserved. You understand that the information contained in this book is an opinion, and it should be used for personal entertainment purposes only. You are responsible for your own behavior, and none of this book is to be considered legal or personal advice."






















e	#  9  9
O n e - H i t	W O n d e r	t e x t
























t H e	L O v e c H i L d	M a k e r

4












t H e	r e d	O r	t H e	W H i t e ?

















































P u P P y	e y e s	t e x t












a b s u r d	W e e k e n d	P L a n s






















M u s i c	P i r at e	F i r s t	M at e



































L a u G H i n G	@ b a d	M O v i e s

















































i n k e d	d O G G y	s t y L e












de a d an y Way, La s t re s O r t






















G O O d	L u c k	c H a r M



































s H e ' s	a	c H a r M i n G	L a s s

































































9

























e	#  8  4


























P O r	L a t i n a	L O v e

















10













b a d	G i r L ,	G O O d	t e x t






















u n d e r s t a t e d	a W e s O M e



































W i L d	n i G H t















































e	#  7  7
d i v e	b a r	M at H	e q u at i O n
























r O M a n t i c	e x P L O r e r












P H O n e	b O O k	n O s t a L G i a

















































n e r d	L O v e	F O r	t W O












b a c k	t O	t H e	O L d	d a y s






















t H e	i r O n	c H e F	O F	L O v e



































c O O k i n G	u P	L O v e

















































t a k e	t H e	P L u n G e












M O c k	G a n G	b a n G e r s






















dat e PL a n n e r c O M P L i M e n t

























e	#  6  4


























i n s u L t	t u r n a r O u n d












H e a r	t H r u	t H e	G r a P e v i n e






















s O	M u c H	i n	c O M M O n



































M i s u n d e r s t O O d	H u M O r

















































n O	r e s P O n s e	b r e a k e r












t e x t	c O M P L i M e n t






















a M a z i n G	t e x t s



































a F t e r	a	b O M b

















































M a s s	t e x t	H a t e r












a F t e r	H i L a r i t y






















a F t e r	s W e e t n e s s



































s L O W	t e x t e r















































e	#  4  5
s e x y	c O M M a n d O
























P i L L O W	F i G H t	c H a L L e n G e












s H e ' s si c k , y O u ' r e si c k e r

















































H O L i d a y	c H e e r












c H d d L e	c a L L - O u t






















s e x y	O r	t r a d i t i O n a L



































n e W	y e a r s	t r e n d s

















































c u d d L e	t i M e












b a c k	t O	t H e	d a y s . . .






















M a s s a G e	t H e a r P y

























e	#  3  2


























b a d	d r u n k	b e H a v i O r












O u t	O F	t O u c H






















F u n n y	n e W	y e a r s	t e x t



































W i n t e r	d a t e	t e x t

















































P r e - G a M e	t e x t












a F t e r	M e s s i n G	u P






















c H r i s t M a s	J O k e r



































r e	s	P	O	n	s	i	b	L	e	G i	F	t	s















































e	#  1  9
b a d	F a c e	H a i r	d a y
























OL d	cr e e P e r	c O M M e n ta r y












M O c k i n G	c O r P O r a t e

















































d i s t a n t	M e M O r i e s












b a s e d	O n	a	t r u e	s t O r y






















F a M i L y	W e i r d n e s s



































r	O	c	k	s	t	a	r	s

















































F e a r	O F	n i n J a s












s t a r b u c k s	M u s i c	s u c k s






















s a t u r d a y	n i G H t	F e v e r



































H O L d	O n	t O	t H a t	F e e L i n G

















































c O F F e e	a d d i c t












b r e a k F a s t	O F	c H a M P s






















t H u M b	L O v e






















41






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































